Gift of the designer, Works Inc., and Rockwell Art Center
Acquired through the publisher
Gift of Bonnie Cashin
Gift of Grace Meyer, in memory of Theodore J.H. Gusten
Poster Fund, Department Purchase
Gift of Arne Ekstrom
John Parkinson III Fund
Gift of Finland Ceramics and Glass Corp.
Gift of Sheldon H. Solow
Gift of John S. Newberry
Gift of Joseph C. McCaskill
The Fellows of Photography Fund and The Family of Man Fund
Gift of David H. McAlpin, by exchange
Gift of Atelier International Ltd.
Gift of Mr. Stanley W. Hayter
Gift of Emmit Noland
Gift of Edward Weston
Gift of the artist in memory of Penny McCall
NEA Architecture and Design Purchase Fund and Joseph H. Heil Fund
Gift of Jay Leyda
Gift of the Weyhe Gallery, N.Y
Barbara Jakobson Fund
Gift of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros in honor of Terence Riley
Gift of Lee Friedlander
Gift of Ilene Kurtz
Dorothy Braude Edinburg Fund
Gift of Elena and Will Barnet
Gift of the Ministry of Information, London
Gift in memory of Greta Daniel and Greta Daniel Design Fund
Gift of Madame Katia Granoff
Gift of William S. Lieberman
Gift of Mme. Alexandra Zaousaileff
Gift of Hendrik Berinson
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur A. Cohen
Gift of Richard S. Zeisler, Richard Kahan, and purchase
Gift of Celeste and Armand Bartos (in perpetuity)
Gift of Terence La Noue and Tyler Graphics Ltd.
General Drawings Fund
Gift of George Kovacs, Inc.
Gift of Carl D. Lobell
Robert and Joyce Menschel Fund and The Family of Man Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Stern
Gift of Michael S. Ovitz
Gift of Lila Clerk
Gift of Henry Russell Hitchcock
Grace Rainey Rogers Fund
Purchase and John B. Turner Fund
Gift of Edmund J. McRickard
Gift of Rob Beyer
Gift of Mrs. Iola Haverstick
Gift of Stendig, Inc.
Gift of Anna Marie and Robert F. Shapiro in honor of Robert Storr and Deborah Wye
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Arnold Smoller in memory of Esta Josephs
Modern print by Chicago Albumen Works from the original negative in the Abbott-Levy Collection, The Museum of Modern Art. Abbott-Levy Collection, Partial Gift of Shirley C. Burden
Gift of Rosenthal China, Inc.
Gift of Gerrit L. Lansing and Carl D. Lobell
Mr. and Mrs. Donald B. Straus Fund
Gift of Leo Auerbach
Gift of The Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art, New York
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Henry Kleeman
Gift of Madeleine H. Russell
Bequest of Musa Guston
Gift of Sergei John Roux
Gift of the Sidney Janis Gallery
Peter Stone Fund
Purchased with funds given by Patricia Phelps de Cisneros in honor of Paulo Herkenhoff
Gift of J.B. Neumann
Gift of Max Underwood
Curt Valentin Bequest (by exchange)
Gift of Douglas Heller and Joshua Rosenblatt
Lily Auchincloss Fund and the Riva Castleman Endowment Fund
Gift of Mr. Jacques and Mrs. Anna B. Dutka
Gift of Robert G. Berry (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
The Lauder Foundation Fund
Gift of the photographers
F. H. Hirschland Fund
Alfred Stieglitz Collection. Gift of Georgia O'Keeffe
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bareiss
Gift of Alfred H. Barr
Gift of the photographer and the New York Foundation for the Arts
Gift of Mr. & Mrs. Walter Hochschild Purchase Fund
Gift of Alex Austin
Purchase, 1958
James Thrall SOby Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. John A. Pope in honor of Paul J. Sachs
Gift of Ambroise Vollard
Gift of Maximilian A. Sepp Ltd.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Schimmel in honor of Riva Castleman's 30th anniversary at the Museum of Modern Art, New York
Gift of the artist in memory of his brother, Miguel Ossorio
Estée and Joseph Lauder Design Fund
Gift of Special Service Division, Fort Huachuca, Arizona
Gift of Robert Wolf
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Elliott Cohn
Given in honor of Lily Auchincloss by the International Council of the Museum of Modern Art and Department Purchase Funds
Gift of Victor S. Riesenfeld
Gift of Howard Rothschild
Gift of the Business Committee for the Arts, Inc.
Gift of Greta Daniel
Gift of Mrs. W. Murray Crane
Gift of Porter McCray
Gift of Anne Ehrenkranz
Gift of George F. Bauerdorf Fund
Gift of Jane Sabersky
Gift of Da Burde
Gift of Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller (by exchange)
Henry Church Fund
International Print Fund
Gift of Clifford Odets
Gift of the Farm Security Administration
Gilbert Kaplan Fund
Fractional and promised gift of Mr. and Mrs. David Rockefeller
Purchase and partial gift of the architect in honor of Lily Auchincloss
Gift of Garrett Wade Co.
Gift of Douglas S. Cramer in honor of Riva Castleman
Eve Clendenin Fund
Gift of Galerie Lelong, New York
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Goulandris
Gift of Mr. Arne Ekstrom
Gift of Fred Leighton
Gift of Universal Limited Art Editions
Purchased with funds given by Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder, The Charles A. Dana Foundation, Mrs. June Noble Larkin, Sheldon H. Solow, Agnes Gund,  Maria-Gaetana Matisse, and the Committee on Drawings
Gift of Lois and Michael K. Torf in honor of the marriage of Catherine Woodard and Nelson Blitz, Jr.
Gift of John S. Newberry (by exchange)
Gift of Milton Sheingarten
The Photography Council Fund and gift of the Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Galerie de France, Paris
Gift of Hoffman Mann, Inc.
Gift of the Friends of Contemporary Drawing, The Friends of Education of The Museum of Modern Art, and Peter and Eileen Norton
Richard A. Epstein and Miles O. Epstein Funds
The Edgar and Theresa Hyman Foundation
Gift of Tara Reddi
Katherine Cornell Fund
Gift of Gordon and Llura Gund
Gift of Business Committee for the Arts
Gift of Pirelli Company, Milan
Gift of Mrs. Samuel I. Rosenman
Gift of the designers
John R. Jakobson Foundation Fund
Gift of Mr. David Prager
Gift of the artist in honor of the Young Print Collectors of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books
Gift of David H. McAlpin
Gift of Ralph O. Smith Co.
The Joseph G. Mayer Fund in memory of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Burton Tremaine
Gift of the Circolo degli Artisti
Mrs. E.B. Parkinson Fund
Gift of Harry Lunn
Gift of Clarissa Alcock Bronfman
Gift of Celanese Celluloid Corporation
Gift of James Johnson Sweeney
Gift of Carl Van der Voort
Ruth Vollmer Bequest (by exchange)
Gift of Meryl and Robert Meltzer
Alfred Flechtheim Fund
Gift of Nancy and Joel Portnoy
The Print Associates Fund
The Estée and Joseph Lauder Foundation Fund
Gift of Auguste Klipstein
Gift of Café Nicholson
International Graphic Arts Society Fund
Gift of Donna M. Stein
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Donald B. Straus
Gift of R.L.B. Tobin
Given anonymously, in memory of Leo and Nina Stein
Gift of E. McKnight Kauffer
Acquired through the generosity of Agnes Gund and Daniel Shapiro in honor of Gabriella De Ferrari and Sally Ganz, and their friendships with the artist
Gift of Moderna Museet, Stockholm
George F. Bauerdorf Fund
Gift of Norman Alexander
Gift of Mrs. Charles Suydam Cutting
Gift of Miss Luisa Gilardenghi
Gift of Erwin Swann
David H. McAlpin Fund. Purchase
Gift of Paul F. Walter
Gift of the Board of Education, the City of New York
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Saidenberg in honor of Alfred H. Barr, Jr.
Gift of Miss Frances Pernas
Courtesy of the H.H. Bennett Studio
Gift of Mrs. June Noble Larkin
Mrs. Wendell T. Bush Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Sylvan Lang
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Resor
Gift of Homer Kripke
Gift of Herbert and Nannette Rothschild
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Robert G. Berry (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Frederieke Taylor Purchase Fund and partial gift of the architect
Gift of the Friends of Contemporary Drawing, the Contemporary Arts Council, and The Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Wm. Brian Little
Gift of Knoll Associates
Acquired through the generosity of Barbara Foshay
Gift of Herbert Tugendhat, Knoll International, Inc., and Jack Lenor Larsen
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Earl McGrath
Mr. and Mrs. Peter A. Rübel Fund
Gift of Iittala, U.S.A.
Acquired through the generosity of The Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Thea Westreich and Ethan Wagner in honor of Gary Garrels
Given Anonymously
Blanchette Rockefeller Fund
Gift of Jack Banning and Mary Ellen Meehan
Gift of the Czechoslovak Information Office
Gift of The Junior Council
Gift of George Riabov
Gift of The Ian Woodner Family Collection
Gift of Julia P. Wightman
Gift of Alexis Gregory
Gift of Mr. Lester Avnet
Gift of Philip Johnson
D.S. and R.H. Gottesman Foundation Fund
Gift of Tanglewood Press
Gift of Louise Bourgeois
Gift of Henry Pearlman
Gift of Forms and surfaces
Gift of Bonniers, Inc.
The Lily Auchincloss Fund in honor of Joanne Stern
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Galerie Gmurzynska)
Mrs. Stanley Resor Fund (by exchange)
Gift of Inger McCabe Elliott
Estée and Joseph Lauder Design Fund and Ira Howard Levy Purchase Fund
Gift of Mrs. Charles McKinley
Purchased with funds provided by Marie-Josée and Henry R. Kravis, Ms. Marlene Hess and Purchase Fund
Gift of Anne Ehrenkranz, in honor of Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr.
Gift of Patrick and Tania Cramer, in memory of their father Gérald Cramer
Bequest of Bill Olander and Chris Cox
Acquired with matching funds from The Edward John Noble Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Carol O. Selle, the Denise and Andrew Saul Fund, and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller (by exchange)
Purchased with funds provided by Leon D. Black
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Armand P. Bartos
Gift of Dorothy Braude Edinburg in honor of Eleanor Sayre
Gift of the Jewish Museum
Gift of Andrew Tobias
Gift of African Art Center, Durban, South Africa
Gift of Louise Reinhardt Smith
Gift of The Contemporary Arts Council in honor of Richard E. Oldenburg
Gift of Paulo Herkenhoff
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. James S. Marcus
Gift of Mrs. John de Cuevas
Robert and Joyce Menschel Fund and Purchase
Gift of Judge and Mrs. Henry Epstein
Gift of the Estate of Marian Willard Johnson
Gift of Chermayeff & Geismar Associates
Gift of Sam A. Lewisohn
Gift of the Municipal Arts Society
Gift of Thomas D. Mabry
Gift of Katsko Suzuki
Acquired through the generosity of the Peter Norton Family Foundation
Gift of the Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Donald B. Straus in memory of Monroe Wheeler
Gift of G.E. Kidder Smith
Jacqueline Brody Fund
Gift of the artist in honor of Dorothy Miller
Gift of R.L.B. Tobin and Mr. and Mrs. Bernard A. Greenberg
Transfer from Library
Walter Bareiss Fund
The Tisch Foundation, Inc. Fund
Gift of Pierre Alechinsky
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Anonymous donation)
Gift of Mourlot Freres
Courtesy Victor Barthélemy
Gift of The Learsy Family
Gift of Nicholas Nixon in memory of Garry Winogrand
Gift of the Cosmopolitan Arts Foundation
Gift of Marian Goodman Gallery
Gift of Mrs. Melville Wakeman Hall
Gift of Joan and Lester Avnet (by exchange)
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. James Hunter
Mr. and Mrs. Joachim Jean Aberbach Fund
Gift of the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books
Purchased in part with funds from Linda Barth Goldstein and Art Matters Inc.
Larry Aldrich Foundation Fund
Amicus Foundation Inc. Fund
Marcel Breuer Purchase Fund
David B. Epstein Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Edward J. Mathews
Gift of the African Art Centre
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Varvara Rodchenko)
Best Products Co. Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Clarence H. White, Jr., 1971
Gift of the Restaurant Associates
Gift of Petersburg Press, Inc.
Richard A. Epstein Fund
Gift of José Cruz Salsamendi
Gift of Philip Perkis
Richard E. and Christie Calder Salomon Fund and Purchase
Purchased with funds provided by The Edward John Noble Foundation, The Herbert and Nanette Rothschild Fund, and Mrs. Pierre Matisse
The Fellows of Photography Fund and Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel
Acquired through the generosity of Gabriella De Ferrari
Gift of Paul J. Sachs
Gift of Brenda Richardson
Lillie P. Bliss Collection
Gift of Marsha Plotnitsky
Gift of Leni Matthaei
Acquired through the generosity of Mrs. Barbara Jakobson
Gift of Paola Antonelli
Gift of the photographer in honor of David H. McAlpin
Gift of Nihon Keizai Shimbun
Gift of Robert Gruen
Gift of Silas R. Mountsier
Gift of Coracle Press
E.T. Harmax Foundation Fund
Gift of Warner Communications, Inc.
Gift of the London Passenger Transport Board
Anonymous Gift
Gift of Marie-Josée and Henry R. Kravis
Gift of Keith Godard
Gift of the photographer
Gift of Sarah-Ann and Werner H. Kramarsky in memory of Sally Ganz
Gift of the photographer in association with the New York Foundation for the Arts
Donald B. Marron Fund and Purchase
Gift of Judith Price
Gift of the artist in memory of her father, Thomas Edward Phelan
Purchased with funds given by Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller and Purchase
Gift of Foreign Advisory Service Corp.
James Thrall Soby Fund
Gift of Eliot Noyes
Gift of Liberty & Co., Ltd.
Gift of  H. H. Hecht in honor of George B. Hess and Alice Hess Lowenthal
Gift of Nelson Blitz, Jr., in memory of Clara McKay Blitz
Gift of Tyler Graphics Ltd.
Acquired with matching funds from James R. Epstein and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of David Klasfeld
Ralph E. Shikes Fund and funds given by Dave Williams
Gift of the Peter Norton Family Foundation
Gift of the Bell Telephone System
Gift of C. Philip Boyer
Gift of the Gotthard Bank
Mrs. Florene M. Schoenborn Fund
Gift of the Vitra Design Foundation, Switzerland
Gift of Lily Auchincloss and the Lillie P. Bliss Bequest (by exchange)
Gift of Rapho-Guillumette
The New York Times Collection
Acquired with matching funds from Alice C. Simkins and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Robert Hershkowitz in memory of Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr.
Gift of the Estée and Joseph Lauder Foundation, Inc.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Vyman
Rob Beyer Purchase Fund, Edward Larrabee Barnes Purchase Fund, Marcel Breuer Purchase Fund, and Philip Johnson Purchase Fund
Gift of the Harold and Esther Edgerton Family Foundation
Gift of Elinor and Edmund Grasheim (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Acquired with matching funds from Charles Kramer, Robert Spitzer, Mrs. Av Westin and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Gemini Ltd.
Gift of Howard Schickler
Hillman Periodicals Fund
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund and Prints and Illustrated Books Endowment Fund
Gift of the College of Fine Arts, UCLA
Gift of the Dannheisser Foundation  
Gift of Fifth Avenue Cutlery Shop, Inc.
Gift of the John R. Jakobson Foundation, Inc.
Acquired with matching funds from The Lily Auchincloss Foundation, Inc. and the National Endowment for the Arts
The Associates Fund in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of the Gansevoort Gallery, Jeffrey P. Klein Purchase Fund and John C. Waddell Purchase Fund
Gift of Pirelli
Gift of Life Magazine
Aristide Maillol Fund
Gift of Harold Davis
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bareiss Fund
Gift of Louis Carré
Mrs. John D. Rockefeller III Fund
Gift of The Riklis Collection of McCrory Corporation
Richard A. Epstein Fund, Miles O. Epstein Fund, Sarah C. Epstein Fund, Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation Fund, and the Robert and Anna Marie Shapiro Fund
Gift of Gilberte Brassaï
Gift of RFSU Rehab
Gift of Mourlot
Gift of David Wing, 1976
Gift of Mr. Reiss
Gift of Roberts and Regn, Inc.
Gift of Mrs. Alma Morgenthau
Friends of Contemporary Art
William S. Paley Collection
Gift of the Dannheisser Foundation
Gift of Verlag M. DuMont Schauberg, Cologne
Gift of the Gimpel and Hanover Galerie, Zurich
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Carroll L. Cartwright
Gift of Robert and Gayle Greenhill
Gift of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros
Gift of the Chase Manhattan Bank
Gift of Thea Westreich and Ethan Wagner
Gift of Mr. Walter Bareiss, Mrs. Watson K. Blair, Mr. Arthur Cohen, Mr. Don Page, and Anonymous Donor
Gift of Anthony R. Quinn
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Pulitzer, Jr.
Anonymous gift in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred H. Barr, Jr.
Elinor Grasheim Memorial Fund
Gift of Atelier International, New York, USA
Purchased with the Frances Keech Fund and funds given by Agnes Gund and Daniel Shapiro, Gilbert Kaplan, Jeanne C. Thayer, Reba and Dave Williams, Ann and Lee Fensterstock, Linda Barth Goldstein, Walter Bareiss, Mrs. Melville Wakeman Hall, Emily Rauh Pulitzer, and Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Schimmel
Gift of Leo Pavelle
Gift of The Lauder Foundation, Leonard and Evelyn Lauder Fund
Gift of Varvara Rodchenko and Aleksandr Nikolaivich Lavrentiev
Purchased with funds given by Maria de Lourdes Egydio Villela
Gift of Mrs. Leon Kleban
Lee and Ann Fensterstock Fund
Gift of Christian Zervos
Gift of Smith Sport Optics
Given anonymously and David Rockefeller, Jr. Purchase Fund
Gift of The Contemporary Arts Council in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
Gift of Business Committee for the Arts, Inc.
Gift of the H. H. Bennett Studio
Gift of Mr. Isidore M. Cohen
Gift of The Mark Rothko Foundation
Gift of Robert E. Nunnelley
Gift of Constance B. and Carroll L. Cartwright
Gift of Jack Ketchum
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Svetlana Aronov)
Gift of Edwin M. Otterbourg
Joseph G. Mayer Foundation Fund in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Eva Zeisel
Purchased with funds provided by the Vincent D'Acquila Drawings Fund
Gift of The International Council of The Museum of Modern Art in honor of Mrs. Alfred R. Stern
Guimard Fund
Gift of Madame Galka E. Scheyer
Acquired through the generosity of Paul F. Walter
Gift of Mrs. L. H. Grunebaum
Gift of Otto Preminger Productions, United Artists
Gift of Briggs W. Buchanan
Gift of L. Fritz Gruber
Gift of Marvin Hoshino
Gift of Mrs. M. Rawson
John H. Mayer Foundation Fund
Gift of Otto Madlener
Provenance unknown
Edward Larrabee Barnes Purchase Fund
Purchased with funds given by Agnes Gund
Gift of Lois de Menil
Gift of Frank William Packard
Gift of Tristan Tzara
Gift of Joseph Randall Shapiro
Rolf Fehlbaum Purchase Fund
Gift of Dr. Adolf Behne
Marshall Cogan Purchase Fund and Exchange
Gift of James Niven
Gift of Gérald Cramer
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. David M. Solinger
The Herbert and Nannette Rothschild Memorial Fund in memory of Judith Rothschild
Gift of the Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation, and Celeste G. Bartos, Mr. and Mrs. Gifford Phillips, and the Cornelius N. Bliss Memorial Fund
Gift of Lenore S. and Bernard A. Greenberg
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Ernest DuPont, Jr.
Leslie J. Garfield Fund
Gift of Robert F. and Anna Marie Shapiro
Acquired through the generosity of The Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art, in honor of Barbara Foshay
James Thrall Soby Collection
Gift of the London Transport Enquiry Office
Spaeth Foundation
Gift of Michael Benisovich
Mrs. Stanley Resor Fund
Mr. and Mrs. Hochschild Purchase Fund
Gift of Douglas Duncan
Acquired in honor of Joanne M. Stern by the Committee on Prints and Illustrated Books in appreciation for her contribution as Committee Chair
Acquired through the generosity of Harriette and Noel Levine
Gift of Dr. Solomon W. Schaefer
Given anonymously in memory of Thomas A. Stone
Gift of Agnes Gund
Acquired through the generosity of Boardroom Reports, Inc.
Gift of Joseph Helman
Gift of the artist and SOLO Impression
Acquired with matching funds from Jeanne C. Thayer and the National Endowment for the Arts
Purchased with funds given by The Over Holland Foundation and The Friends of Education of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Margot Paul Ernst
Phyllis B. Lambert Fund
Gift of Philip J. Fresenius
Gift of Frank Green and Diane Villani
Gift of Mrs. Sadye M. Lee
Gift of Diane L. Ackerman
Gift of Maria and Lee Friedlander in memory of Charles Mikolaycak
Gift of Parasol Press, Ltd. and the Publications Department of The Museum of Modern Art
Frederieke Taylor Purchase Fund
Gift of the Swiss National Tourist Office
Gift of Galerie Maeght
Gift of Henry O. Timnick
Gift of Edition Schellmann, Munich and New York
Gift of Mr. & Mrs. Maxime L. Hermanos (by exchange)
Anonymous gift  
Gift of Miss Mina Turner
Gift of the designers through the Netherlands Design Institute
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. David Kluger
Given anonymously in memory of Mrs. Alice Lillia Newhall
Gift of Parasol Press, Ltd.
Gift of Olive L. Sawyer
Gift of Magnum Photos, Inc.
Elinor and Edmund Grasheim and Margery and Harry Kahn Funds
Gift of Sandra Weiner and The Family of Man Fund
Gift of Betty Parsons Gallery
The Riva Castleman Endowment Fund, Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund (by exchange), Mary Ellen Meehan Fund, Riva Castleman Fund, Purchase, and Purchase (by exchange)
Gift of the architect in honor of Philip Johnson
Gift of Janet Lehr, New York
Gift of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller
Louise Reinhardt Smith Bequest
Gift of Editions Alecto Ltd.
Gift of the Louis and Bessie Adler Foundation, Inc., Seymour M. Klein, President
Gift of Peter Pollack
Gift of Rio Grande Graphics
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Maxime L. Hermanos (by exchange)
Gift of the manufacturers
Gift of Time, Inc.
Gift of Agnes Gund in honor of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros
Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J. Reis Fund
Gift of the artist and Vinalhaven Press
Gift of Robert and Joyce Menschel
Acquired through the generosity of Lily Auchincloss
Gift of Helen M. Franc in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of Dorothy Dehner
Acquired with matching funds from George M. Jaffin and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Edgar Kaufmann, Jr.
Gift of Mrs. Jan Matulka
Mr. and Mrs. John Spencer Fund
Gift of Mrs. Cornelius N. Bliss
Gift of Charles B. Benenson
Gift of the Mount Wilson and Palomar Observatories
Gift of Implement, Ltd.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen S. Schwartz
Gift of Porza, Paris
Gift of William S. Lieberman, in memory of Irving Drutman
Gift of Architectural Supplements Inc.
Gift of Davide Campari, Milan
Gift of Galerie Lelong, Paris
Acquired with matching funds from Michael Blankfort and the National Endowment for the Arts and purchase (by exchange)
Acquired through the Helen Acheson Bequest
Gift of the architect in honor of Lily Auchincloss
Gift of Arnold Newman
Partial gift of Shirley C. Burden, by exchange
Gift of the Rheinisches Landesmuseum, Bonn
Joel and Anne Ehrenkranz Fund and Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr., Fund
Gift of Miriam M. Steinert
Gift of Willem and Elaine de Kooning
Acquired with matching funds from Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of The Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art, with special contributions from Anonymous, Scott J. Lorinsky, Yasufumi Nakamura, and The Wider Foundation
Miles O. Epstein and Richard A. Epstein Funds
Joseph G. Mayer Foundation Fund
Gift of the artist in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of Knoll International, Inc.
Gift of Frank Crowninshield
The Charles A. Dana Foundation Fund
Gift of Jerome Powell
GIft of Albert Dorskind
Gift of Laurent Oppenheim, Jr.
Acquired through the generosity of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder in memory of Mrs. John D. Rockefeller 3rd
Gift of Joel Snyder
Gift of John S. Newberry in honor of Paul J. Sachs
Gift of Robert B. Menschel
Gift of Mrs. Portia Harcus
Purchase, 1957
Gift of Mrs. Yale Kneeland
Gift of Stuart Zweibel
Gift of Leo Castelli Gallery
Gift of Lawrence Rubin
Purchased with funds given by Susan G. Jacoby in honor of her mother Marjorie L. Goldberger
John Parkinson III Fund, Robert and Joyce Menschel Fund, and Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr. Fund
Leo Castelli Fund
Purchased with funds given by Sarah-Ann and Werner H. Kramarsky
Purchased in part with funds from Mrs. Henry I. Cobb
Acquired by exchange with the Library of Congress
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Deutsch
Gift of Gordon Chadwick
Gift of Joseph I. Singer
Dorothy B. and Joseph M. Edinburg Fund
Gift of Lester Avnet
Gift of Heinz Berggruen and Klaus G. Perls, in memory of Frank Perls, Art Dealer (by exchange)
Gift of Varvara Rodchenko and Aleksandr Laverent'ev
Acquired through donations by friends, in memory of Patricia M. Walker
Gift of Nancy and Jim Dine
Architecture & Design Purchase Fund
Gift of Mrs. Jacquelynn Schlaes
Gift of Pierre Matisse in memory of Patricia Kane Matisse
Gift of Malcolm Goldstein
Gift of Mrs. René Burri
Gift of Charles Egan in memory of J. B. Neumann
Gift of Frank Perls (by exchange)
Gift of Hercules Rubens Barsotti, Sao Paulo
Mrs. Gertrud A. Mellon Fund
Gift of Olivetti Co.
Richard S. Zeisler Purchase Fund
Gift of Treitel-Gratz Co., Inc.
Gift of Gertrud A. Mellon
Gift of the designer and the manufacturer
Gift of Haus an der Grinten, Kranenburg
Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel
Gift of the Galleria dell'Obelisco, Rome
Gift in memory of Allan D. Emil
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Jaretzki, Jr.
Gift of Howard Dearstyne
Purchase and gift of Barbara Schwartz in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
Gift of the Young Print Collectors of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books
Gift of Mrs. Yasuo Kuniyoshi
Gift of Saks Fifth Avenue
Gift of The Louis and Bessie Adler Foundation, Inc., Seymour M. Klein, President
Gift of Russell Lynes
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Simon Askin
Acquired through the generosity of Eileen and Peter Norton
Gift of James Thrall Soby (by exchange)
Acquired with matching funds from The Walter Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Philip L. Goodwin (by exchange)
Gift of Dr. Iago Galdston
Gift of Emile Dubrule
Gift of Ralph Culpepper
Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel, The Family of Man Fund, David H. McAlpin Fund and Purchase
Gift of Emily and Nina Dine
Purchase, 1978
Katharine Cornell Fund
Gift of Lenart Imports, Ltd.
Acquired with matching funds from The Walter Foundation Fund and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the manufacturer, Gift of David Whitney
Acquired with matching funds from Jeanne C. Thayer and the Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Joyce Pomeroy Schwartz
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard L. Barth and Mr. J. Edward Barth in honor of Linda B. Goldstein
Gift of Melissa Shook
Gift of Charles Kramer
Acquired through the generosity of Janelle Reiring and Helene Winer, by exchange
Curt Valentin Bequest
Gift of Cordier & Ekstrom, Inc.
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Elaine Lustig Cohen)
Miles O. Epstein, Richard A. Epstein and Sarah C. Epstein Funds
Gift of The Josef Albers Foundation, Inc.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. David C. Ruttenberg
Gift of the Galerija Suvremene Umjetnosti, Zagreb
Gift of Mrs. Alan A. Rosenthal
Gift of Grapus
Gift of Grace Borgenicht
Agnes Gund Fund
Gift of Cartón y Papel de México, S. A.
Gift of the International Council in honor of Jeanne C. Thayer
Gift of Jacques Lassaigne
Gift of Herman Friedman
Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J. Reis Fund (by exchange)
Gift of Norman Dubrow
Gift of the manufacturer, Heller Designs, Inc.
Gift of Arthur and Marilyn Penn
Gift of Marvin Hoshino in memory of Clara Shapiro
Purchased with funds provided by the Geraldine J. Murphy Bequest
Gift of Elizabeth Galasso
Gift of Mrs. Esther Shatter in memory of Harold Leonard
Gift of Joseph E. Seagram & Sons Inc. and Philip Johnson
Gift of the Weyhe Gallery
Gift of Richards Morgenthau Co.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Harvey W. Rambach
Gift of Peggy Guggenheim
Gift of Pan American World Airways
Seiden and de Cuevas Foundation Fund
Acquired with matching funds from the Frank Strick Foundation, Shirley C. Burden and the National Endowment for the Arts, and Purchase
Gift of Baroness Elaine Orosdi
Gift of Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens
Gift of Benjamin Shiff
Gift of Anna Marie and Robert F. Shapiro
Gift of Miss Jessie Rosenfeld
Purchased in part with funds from the Dorothy Braude Edinburg Fund
Gift of the Blue Moon Press
Gift of The Mark Rothko Foundation, Inc. (by exchange)
Gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder, of R.L.B. Tobin, and of  A. Conger Goodyear (by exchange)
Gift of Philip Johnson (by exchange)
Gift of Michael H. Schwartz
Gift of Gloria Kirby
Gift of School Prints Ltd., London
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Jan de Graaff
Gift of Alitalia, Italy
Gift of A. J. Van Dugteren & Sons, Inc.
Anonymous gift in memory of Nancy A. Bernstein
Saidie A. May Fund
Gift of OSRAM Sales Corporation
Brazil Fund
Acquired through the Gerald S. Elliot Bequest
Gift of Jeffrey Fraenkel
Gift of the photographer and Sylviane de Decker Heftler
Gift of Ulrich and Josephine Franzen
Gift of Margot Paul
Gift of Carl Sandburg and Edward Steichen
Fractional and promised gift of Celeste and Armand Bartos
Gift of William Cohn
Acquired through the generosity of Walter J. Brownstone and The Family of Man Fund
Gift of The Louis and Bessie Adler Foundation, Seymour M. Klein, President
Gift of Mark and Donna Meents
Gift of Miss Ann C. Resor
Gift of Leo W. and Evelyn D. Farland Foundation
Gift of Paul Grotz
Gift of Austin B. Chinn in memory of Robert J. Fitzgerald
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Aaron Esman
Felipe Cossio del Pomar Fund
Gift of the artist, in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Elaine L. Johnson
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred H. Barr, Jr.
Gift of Shirley C. Burden
Gift of the Curt Valentin Estate (by exchange)
Gift of Gloria Richards
Gift of Stephen B. Browne in honor of Byron and Rosalind Browne
Gift of Joseph G. Mayer Fund
Acquired through the generosity of Barbara Foshay and Christie Calder Salomon
Gift of Mme. Helena Rubinstein
Peter Stone Collection of Posters by Artists
Gift of Sarah-Ann and Werner H. Kramarsky
Gift of Magnum and the photographer
Gift of Mazda Motor Corporation, California
Gift of the Daniel Cordier Gallery, Frankfurt
Gift of Peter MacGill
Gift of Richard E. Salomon and Herbert Ferber (by exchange)
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bareiss (by exchange)
Gift of Carl Magnus Berger
The John S. Newberry Collection (by exchange)
Gift of R.L.B. Tobin in honor of Lily Auchincloss
Gift of Mrs. Gilbert W. Chapman
Joseph G. Mayer Foundation Inc. Fund
Gift in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of James T. Wallis
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. W. Dieter Zander
Acquired with matching funds from E. Powis Jones and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Glenway Wescott
Gift of the Aspen Institute for Humanistic Studies
Gift of Artek-Pascoe, Inc.
Gift of the International Museum of Photography at George Eastman House
Gift of Galleria del Sestante
Gift of Alice C. Simkins
Gift of The Keith Haring Foundation
Gift of the designer
Gift of Steendruckkerij de Jong and Company
Gift of Milton Halsey Thomas
Gift of Fraenkel Gallery and the photographer
Gift of Mr. Paul Standard
Arthur Cohen Purchase Fund, the Edgar and Theresa Hyman Foundation Fund, and the Lord and Taylor Fund
Gift of Madame Hector Guimard
Purchased with funds given by The Judith Rothschild Foundation and Purchase Fund
Gift of Richard E. Salomon in honor of Evanne Salomon
Mr. and Mrs. William B. Jaffe Fund
Gift of Ivan Chermayeff
Gift of Lunds Konsthall
Gift of Arnold and Nancy Smoller in honor of Deborah Wye
Gift of Isselbacher Gallery on the occasion of the Museum's reopening
Gift of the artist in memory of his wife, Mabel Dobkin
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Michael Blankfort
Gift of Arthur Bullowa
Gift of Bertelsmann Lexikon Publishing House
Acquired through the generosity of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Stern
Gift of Rudolf Kicken
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Gerald Janecek)
Gift of Galerie Grimaud
Gift of Michael Engelmann
Gift of Barbara G. Pine and purchase
Chermayeff and Geisman Associates Fund, Department Purchase
Gift of Patricia and Morris Orden in memory of Michèle Fox
Acquired by exchange and Mary Ellen Meehan Fund
Modern print by Chicago Albumen Works from the original negative in the Abbott-Levy Collection, The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Jane Felix White
Gift of M. and Mme. Aimé Maeght
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation, in part, of Elaine Lustig Cohen in memory of Arthur A. Cohen)
Gift of the manufacturer
Gift of Bernard Reis
Gift of Dr. Walter and Phoebe Burnstein
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. S. I. Newhouse, Jr. and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Mr. Robert and Mrs. Trina McKeever
Gift of Office for Emergency Management
Gift of Graphisches Kabinett, Saarbrucken
Gift of IDG Marketing Ltd.
Gift of the Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art
Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller and Mr. and Mrs. Constantine Sidamon-Eristoff Funds
Cornelius N. Bliss Fund
Gift of Henry M. Reed
The J. M. Kaplan Fund, Inc.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Atwater Kent, Jr. Fund
Gift of Mary A. Gordon
Gift of Kay Sage Tanguy
Joseph H. Heil Bequest
Gift of Consuela Reyes
Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller Bequest
Purchased with funds bequeathed by Monawee Allen Richards
Gift of Mr. Andrew Smith and Ms. Claire Lozier
Gift of Holly Solomon
Gift of Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Inc., Seagram County Court House Archives
Richard D. Brixey Bequest
Gift of Mary Ellen Meehan and John P. Banning
Gift of the Glickstein Foundation
Gift of Mrs. McFadden Staempfli
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Mercy in honor of Robert Menschel
Gift of OSPAAAL
Gift of Michael Frei and Joy Atelier
Gift of Georg Jensen
Celeste and Armand Bartos Foundation Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hochschild
Gift of Connecticut Valley Boys School
Gift of Gemeente-Museum, The Hague
Gift of the photographer and Andrea Rosen in honor of John Szarkowski
J.B. Neumann Fund
Given in memory of Peter H. Deitsch
Gift of the artist in honor of Betty Parsons
Junior Council Fund
Gift of Kate Rodina Steichen in memory of Carol Silverberg
Gift of Mrs. Alfred R. Stern
Gift of Mrs. Stanley Resor
Gift of The Contemporary Arts Council and Barbara Foshay in honor of Richard E. Oldenburg
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Elliot Cohn
Gift of the Family of James Castle
Gift of Joanne M. Stern
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene M. Schwartz
Gift of the Gordon Matta-Clark Trust
Gift of Leo and Jean-Christophe Castelli in memory of Toiny Castelli
Gift of Marvin Heiferman
Gift of Lefebre Gallery
Gift of Hudson
Gift of Katy Homans and Patterson Sims
Gift of the artist through The U.S. Art Directors Club, Inc., New York
Gift of the International Graphic Arts Society, New York
General Drawings and Prints Fund
Gift of Mrs. Anneli Arms
Gift of Mrs. Mary Donant
Gift of the Department of Agriculture
Gift of the Terese and Alvin S. Lane Foundation, Inc.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Cullman
Gift of the artist in memory of Maurice Grosman
Department purchase
Gift of the photographer, 1957
Gift of Dr. Isaac Schenkein
Gift of the photographer, 1952
Gift of Barbara Jakobson
Gift of Dr. Lawrence Dubin
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Kurt Delbanco
Gift of the Drawings Department
Gift of Andrew and Mary Stasik
Arthur Drexler Fund and purchase
Gift of Internacional de Ediciones S.A
Gift of Rigo Cardenas
Gift of Jean-Antony du Lac
San Juan Racing Association
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Norman F. Donant
Gift of the John Emlen Bullock Estate
Gift of The Grace M. Mayer Collection
Gift of the Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam
Gift of Stanley Triggs
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Sidney E. Cohn
Gift of David H. McAlpin Fund
Gift of Leon Mnuchin
Ralph E. Shikes Fund
John Spencer Fund
Gift of Air France
Robert and Joyce Menschel Fund
Gift of The Edward John Noble Foundation, Mr. and Mrs. Roger S. Berlind and Gifford Phillips
Gift of Fania Marinoff Van Vechten in memory of Carl Van Vechten
Chief Curator Discretionary Fund
Gift of Robert M. Frash
Bequest of Arthur M. Bullowa
Gift of Swedish House, Inc.
Acquired in memory of Kevin W. Robbins through funds provided by his family and friends and by the Committee on Drawings
Gift of Warner Communications, Inc., 1981
Arthur B. Stanton Fund
Gift of Dubin & Dubin, Architects, Chicago
Gift of Edward Leos
Gift of Landfall Press in honor of Riva Castleman
Courtesy of Jesse E. Ebert, Seattle, Washington
Gift of Bernard Leeb
Gift of Jeffrey Fraenkel in memory of Garry Winogrand
Gift of Cesare Fasola
Marshall Cogan Purchase Fund and Jeffrey P. Klein Purchase Fund
Gift of Polder, Inc.
Gift of Mrs. Joseph James Akston
Gift of Peter Hunter
Gift of Mark Baron
Gift of Morisawa & Co., Ltd.
Given anonymously (by exchange)
Gift of Monroe Wheeler in memory of Philip Hofer
Acquired through the generosity of The Richardson Foundation
Gift of John Loring in memory of China Loring
Gift of Banca del Gottardo
Gift of Mrs. Dorothy Norman
Gift of David Steinmetz
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J. Reis
David H. McAlpin Fund. Gift of the photographer
Gift of Peter Katz
Grace M. Mayer Bequest
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Bernard S. Needle
Arthur M. Bullowa Fund
Gift of the Honorable and Mrs. Robert Woods Bliss
Gift of Harriet and Rick Meyer
Gift of French National Railways
Gift of the U. S. Treasury Department
Gift of Mrs. John D. Rockefeller, 3rd
Gift of Mrs. Meredith Hare
Gift of Celeste G. Bartos
Gift of Mrs. Bertha M. Slattery
Gift of Mrs. Ketty Rodriguez
Gift of Galerie de France
Gift of Ernst Beyeler
Gift of Dr. Milton Kapit
Gift of Ameico, Inc.
Purchased with funds provided by the Friends of Contemporary Drawing
Gift of Alexandra C. Anderson
Gift of the artist through School Prints Ltd., London
Robert and Anna Marie Shapiro Fund, and Gift of Parkett
Gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Purchased with funds given by Charles B. Benenson
Gift of the William Wrigley, Jr. Company
Gift of Bella and Sol Fishko
Gift of the manufacturer and Turner-T Ltd.
Gift of Miss Doris Meltzer
The Herbert and Nannette Rothschild Memorial Fund in memory of Judith Rothschild and purchase
Gift of the Friends of Contemporary Art
Gift of the International Council and Library - Latin American Archive of The Museum of Modern Art
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Stern Fund
Gift of Bartlett H. Hayes, Jr.
Gift of Walter Bareiss and Richard A. Epstein Fund
The Ben Schultz Memorial Collection. Gift of Mrs. Dan Weiner
Gift of James Raphael Cherry
Gift of Sidney Elliott Cohn
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Leo Farland
Gift of Fay and Alfred Chandler
Gift of Associated American Artists
Gift of the artist, Parasol Press, and the Wadsworth Atheneum
Gift of Lucio Amelio
Gift of Nancy and Jim Dine in memory of Myron Orlofsky
Gift of U.S.S.R. Society for Cultural Relation with Foreign Countries
Gift of Laurent Oppenheim Jr.
Gift of Ileana Sonnabend
Gift of Knoll International
Gift of Richard Grant
Marshall Cogan Purchase Fund
Gift of The Lauder Foundation and given anonymously (by exchange)
Gift of Mrs. Kay Mallinson
Acquired through the generosity of Shirley C. Burden and Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Mme Alexandra Zaousaileff
Gift of Daniel Shapiro
Given anonymously in memory of William B. Jaffe
Gift of Francine Lembo
Gift of Miss Edith Wetmore
Gift of Paul Secon, Inc.
Mary Ellen Meehan Fund
Mr. & Mrs. Clark B. Winter, Jr. Fund
Ingram-Merrill Foundation Fund
Gift of E. Thomas Williams, Jr. and Auldlyn Higgins Williams
Joy E. Feinberg Fund and Friends of the Department Fund
Gift of the Trustees of the Pastorale Fund
Mrs. Gianluigi Gabetti Purchase Fund
Gift of Nancy and Arnold Smoller in honor of Emanuel and Esta Josephs
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund
Gift of the Contemporaries Gallery
Gift of Petersburg Press Inc.
Given anonymously 
Gift of Virginia H. and Frederick B. Deknatel
0
Acquired through the generosity of Robert and Gayle Greenhill
Gift of G. David Thompson
Gift of the XIX Olympics Committee
Gift of Lee Krasner Pollock
W. Alton Jones Foundation Fund
Gift of the Denise and Andrew Saul Fund
Richard E. and Christie Calder Salomon Fund
Acquired through the Lillie P. Bliss Bequest
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alexander L. Berliner
Gift of Agnes Gund, Elizabeth Kujawski, Tom Zoufaly, Elizabeth Klein, and Vlasta Odell in Memory of Jed Johnson
Gift of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros, The Lauder Foundation, Leonard and Evelyn Lauder Fund, and Victoria Newhouse Purchase Fund
Gift of Mr. R. B. Kitaj
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Perls
Adriane Reggie Fund
Gift of Mark Goodman
Gift of Altamira, Inc.
Given in memory of Leo and Nina Stein
Gift of Mrs. Jane K. Murray
Gift of Edgar B. Howard through the Associates
Gift of Harvey S. Shipley Miller
Acquired through the generosity of Marian and James H. Cohen in memory of their son Michael Harrison Cohen
Gift of George L. McKenna
Gift of Mrs. Iola S. Haverstick
Gift of R. L. B. Tobin
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Lustig Cohen)
Gift of the University of Glasgow
Gift of the Friends of Contemporary Drawing and of the artist
Bequest of Marvin A. Sackner, M.D
Department Purchase Fund
Gift of Sanford and Lisa Ehrenkranz
Gift of Albert Loeb and Krugier Gallery
Acquired through the generosity of The Vera Louise Fraser Estate
Gift of the Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation
Purchased with proceeds from the 1998 "Clue" event, sponsored by the Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art, New York
Gift of Elaine Lustig Cohen
Gift of the artist in honor of Robert Smithson
Gift of Robert T. Buck
Gift of Emilio del Junco (by exchange)
Gift of The Condé Nast Publications, Inc.
Gift of the photographer in memory of Elizabeth Ann McElaney
Gift of the Museum für Kunst und Gewerbe, Hamburg
Gift of Singer Sewing Machine Co.
Gift of E. Weyhe in honor of Paul J. Sachs
The Fellows of Photography Fund, The Family of Man Fund, and Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel
Gift of Wilhelm Wagenfeld
Katherine S. Dreier Bequest (by exchange)
Gift of Maureen Mahony and Janis Stemmerman
Gift of David Wing, 1977 for #s 66.77.5-41, Purchase, l977 for #s 66.77.1-4
Gift of Don Page
Gift of S. I. Newhouse Jr.
Gift of The Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of the photographer in memory of Sid Grossman
Richard H. Emerson Fund
Riva Castleman Endowment Fund, Lily Auchincloss Fund, and Gift of Parkett
Gift of Angela Rosengart
Gift of Sweden House
Gift of Domus Academy, Milan, Italy
Gift of Herbert Ziebolz
Purchased with funds provided by Marie-Josée and Henry R. Kravis
Gift of Martin S. Bergmann
Gift of Lotte Jacobi
Gift of Ludwig Charell
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Bocour
Gift of Frau Christian Rohlfs
Gift of Wartsila, Inc.
Gift of Patricia F. Graham in memory of her husband, John David Graham and his brother, Nicholas G. W. Thorne
Gift of Simon Lowinsky
Acquired through the generosity of Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Otto Gerson
Elizabeth Bliss Parkinson, Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller, Joanne M. Stern, and Jeanne C. Thayer Funds
Gift of Sarina Tang
Purchase and partial gift of Leslie J. Schrayer
Gift of William H. Weintraub
Gift of James Rosenquist and Tyler Graphics Ltd.
The Family of Man Fund and Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel
Gift of Richard L. Feigen
Gift of Philip Goodwin
Gift of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller (by exchange)
John B. Turner Fund and Purchase
Gift of Benjamin Weiss
Gift of Marion Lefebre in memory of John Lefebre
Gift of CameraWorks, Inc. and Purchase
Gift of Olga A. Carlisle
Courtesy of Dr. Edgerton
Gift of Sara Mazo
Gift of Barbara and Eugene Schwartz
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Wolfgang Schoenborn
Gift in memory of Otto M. Gerson
Acquired through the courtesy of Marshall B. Davidson
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Peter A. Rübel
Gift of Lawrence Scholder
Gift of Mrs. Charles Pratt
Gift of the Rodchenko family
Gift of Mrs. Melville Wakeman Hall (by exchange) and purchase
Gift of the Family Service Association of America
Gift of Mrs. Alan H. Rosenthal
Gift of Mrs. F. G. Wendt
Gift of Susan A. Denker
Gift of Barry Friedman
Gift of Charles Cowles
Gift of Institute of Contemporary Art, London
Gift of Alexander Iolas
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. William Feinberg
Mary Ellen Meehan Fund and Purchase
Gift of the photographer and Magnum Photos, Inc.
Gift of Mrs. Sam A. Lewisohn
Gift of Arnold Herstand
Gift of Marjorie and Robert Graff in honor of the Junior Council of The Museum of Modern Art
Acquired through the generosity of Pierre N. Leval
Gift of Faye Johnson
Transferred from the Museum Library  
Gift of Kleiner, Bell and Co.
Gift of Justin K. Thannhauser
Gift of George M. Jaffin
Gift of Peter Müller-Munk
Gift of the artist in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Ralph F. Colin
Gift of the Hayden Gallery M.I.T.
Fractional and promised gift of Jan Cowles and Charles Cowles to honor the memory of Roy Lichtenstein
Gift of Nikita D. Lobanov
Acquired through the generosity of the Vera Louise Fraser Estate
Commissioned by the Museum
Acquired with matching funds from the Committee on Drawings and the National Endowment for the Arts
Riva Castleman Endowment Fund, Lily Auchincloss Fund
Gift of Crown Point Press
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Victor W. Ganz
Gift of Virginia Zabriskie
Gift of Claus G. Manassa and Renata M. Schwebel in memory of George and Anne-Marie Manassa
Gift of the Gramercy Park Foundation, Inc.
Gift of Michel Warren and Daniel Cordier
Gift of Anna Roma
Anonymously given
Gift of Agnes Gund and Daniel Shapiro
Gift of the International Graphic Arts Society
Purchase and gift of Aivi and Pirkko Gallen-Kallela
Gift of Mrs. Amy Goldin
Gift of Beaumont Newhall
Gift of the Swiss Government
Gift of Barbara Schwartz in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
Gift of Artemide, USA
Gift of Anne Ehrenkranz in honor of Philip Johnson
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Clark B. Winter, Jr.
Gift of Originales Para Coleccionistas
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. André Emmerich
Charles Simon Fund
Gift of Maria and Lee Friedlander in memory of George Wieck
Mary Sisler Bequest
Gift of Betty Cunningham
Partial gift of David H. McAlpin, by exchange
Gift of N. Carol Lipis
Purchased from the photographer
Gift of Gilbert E. Kaplan
Gift of Berggruen & Cie
Gift of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros and the David Rockefeller Latin American Fund
Gift of Curt Valentin
Gift of Printmakers
Acquired through the generosity of the Gilman Foundation Fund
Gift of Marlborough-Gerson Gallery, Inc.
Emilio Ambasz Purchase Fund, Edward Larrabee Barnes Purchase Fund, and gift of Alvar Aalto Architects Ltd.
Gift of Henry Russel Hitchcock
Gift of the artist in memory of Monroe Wheeler
Mrs. Joanne M. Stern Fund
Gift of the Pace Editions and the artist
Gift of Eastman Kodak Company
Walter Thayer Bequest and Purchase
Gift of Louise Chinn
Acquired with matching funds from Alexis Gregory and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the Kunstmuseum, Silkborg, Denmark
Joseph H. Heil Fund
Gift of H. A. Mack & Co. Inc.
Bequest of Antonio Saura
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. George M. Jaffin
Gift of The Jewish Museum
Gift of Fritz Henle
Gift of the Jewish Museum, New York
Gift of Susan Pack
Gift of Jack Lenor Larsen
Gift of Jeanne Thayer
Ruth Vollmer Bequest
Gift of Shami Mendiratta
Gift of the artist in memory of Jack Boulton
Gift of Mrs. Jacquelynn Shlaes
Marjorie Veith More Memorial Fund
Gift of Harry Kahn
Gift of Philip Johnson, Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, Curt Valentin and Edward M. M. Warburg (by exchange)
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alejandro Freites and Rachel Adler
Purchased with funds given by Leon D. Black, Marie-Josée and Henry R. Kravis, Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder, and the Richard E. Salomon Family
Gift of Waldron Associates
Joseph H. Heil Bequest (by exchange)
Gift of Michael James Levinthal
Gift of Finland Ceramics & Glass Corp.
Gift of the Palace Hotel, Helsinki
Gift of the Association of International Photography Art Dealers in honor of John Szarkowski, and partial gift of Shirley C. Burden, by exchange
Gift of Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr.
Gift of The Estate of Dorothy Varian
Gift of Evelyn and Robert Frank
Gift of Peter Stone
Johanna and Leslie J. Garfield Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Barnett Newman in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Acquired by exchange
Gift of Nelson Blitz, Jr.
Gift of Dan Budnik
Gift of Overseas Liason Services
Gift of the Ilford Co.
Acquired through the generosity of the Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Clarence H. White, Jr.
Gift of the architect to Philip Johnson
Gift of Anne Dixon
The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation Fund and Gift of the Dedalus Foundation
Gift of Jan de Graaff
Carl Jacobs Fund
Gift of the Oiticica Family
Gift of Phyllis B. Lambert
Gift of Kölner Werkschulen
Gift of the Curt Valentin Estate
Gift of Paul Anbinder
Gift of the Finnish Ministry of Commerce and Industry
Gift in the honor of Myron Orlofsky
Gift of Peter Deitsch Gallery
Given in Memory of Arthur Drexler by Sheila Hicks, Jack Lenor Larsen, and Henry and Alison Kates; and Department Purchase Funds
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Felix M. Juda
Katsko Suzuki Memorial Fund
Gift of William Goldston
Gift of Platinum Pen Company of America, Inc.
Gift of Sylvia de Bettin-Sichel
Gift of Dr. Alvin C. Weseley
William K. Simpson Fund in memory of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller
Gift of The Associates Fund
Emilio Ambasz Fund and Department Purchase Fund
Given anonymously in honor of Margaret Scolari Barr
Gift of R .L. B. Tobin
Gift of Amerika Haus, Germany
Purchase
Gift of Allan Roos, M.D. and B. Mathieu Roos
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Jerzy Michalowski
Gift of Ms. Darthea Speyer
Gift of Henry Wessel, Jr.
Gift of Leon D. Black and Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Jeanne and Jack Schonberg in memory of Morton H. Spero
Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller  
Acquired through the generosity of Mrs. Arnold van Amerigen
Gift of Mrs. Saidie A. May
Gift of Raymond B. Gary
Gift of Gesellschaft Kunst Edition
Gift of Steven C. Rockefeller
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hochschild Purchase Fund
Gift of Carole and Alex Rosenberg
Ethel R. Scull Fund
Anonymous gift in memory of Flobelle Fairbanks Burden
Bequest of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
Philip Johnson fund
Mies van der Rohe Archive, gift of Mrs. Mary Callery
Gift of the Arnhold Family in memory of Sigrid Edwards
Gift of the Mr. and Mrs. Samuel I. Newhouse, Jr. Foundation
Gift of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill
Gift of the United Artists Corp.
Gift of Miss Renée Spodheim
Gift of Marc Freidus
Frank Crowninshield Fund
Acquired through the generosity of Mr. and Mrs. Harry H. Lunn, Jr.
Anonymous gift in memory of Dr. Jean Weigle
Gift of Knoll International, Inc., USA
Gift of the family of Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller
Transferred from Museum Library
Gift of Eric Estorick in memory of Judge Henry Epstein
Walter Bareiss Fund and Gift of Leo Auerbach (by exchange)
Gift of the artist and A. M. Sachs Gallery
Gift of Gloría Kirby, Madrid
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Milton J. Petrie Fund
Gift of Albert Boni
Gift of the Stable Gallery
Gift of the Container Corporation of America
Monroe Wheeler Memorial Fund
Edward M. M. Warburg Fund
Acquired with matching funds from Samuel William Sax and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the Triton Gallery
Gift of the Oklahoma Historical Society
Gift of Josef Albers
Gift of Nelson A. Rockefeller
Gift of Mrs. Milton Rosenbaum
Gift of John Szarkowski
Gift of the manufacturer and Marshall Berenson
Gift of Sheldon H. Solow and purchase
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Maxime L. Hermanos
Gift of Sanford Schwartz in memory of Irving Drutman
Gift of Barbara Pine in Memory of Morris Goldman
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Eli Wallach
Gift of the Department of Publications, The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of David Garfinkel
Gift of Sally M. Stillman
The Family of Man Fund, The Fellows of Photography Fund, and Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel
nGift of the manufacturer
Acquired through the generosity of Peter Norton
Nelson A. Rockefeller Fund
Toiny Castelli Fund
Gift of Ovington's
Gift of Harry Torczyner
Acquired through the generosity of Frances Keech and Shirley C. Burden
Purchased with funds provided by Agnes Gund
Gift of Harold W. Bangert
Courtesy of the Laboratory of Anthropology, Santa Fe, New Mexico
Gift of Gabriella De Ferrari
Gift of Donald B. Marron
Art Dealers Association Fund in memory of Peter H. Deitsch
Given anonymously in memory of the artist
Gift of Anna Marie Shapiro
Given anonymously
Gift of René d'Harnoncourt
Mrs. Donald B. Straus Fund
A. Conger Goodyear and Mrs. Stanley Resor Funds (by exchange)
Gift in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred H. Barr, Jr.
Gift of Marjorie and Robert Graff in memory of Anna S. Graff
Gift of the Department of Painting and Sculpture of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of The Foundation-To-Life, Inc., in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
The Ralph E. Shikes Fund and The Friends of Education Fund
Gift of Marina Rubin
Gift of Cousins Design
Acquired through the generosity of Polaroid Corporation
Gift of Lee Friedlander in Memory of Patricia M. Walker
Gift of the United States Information Agency
Gift of Alfred Rice
Acquired by exchange from the University of Glasgow
Purchased with funds given by Richard E. Salomon
Gift of the Dorothy Braude Edinburg Collection
Gift of Dorothy and Leroy Lavine
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene V. Thaw in honor of Alfred H. Barr, Jr.
Gift of Ludwig Ries
Lydia K. and Harry L. Winston Fund
Jeanne C. Thayer Fund and Purchase
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J. Reis and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Eric Estorick
Gift of Mr. Sergio Tosi
Gift of James C. McKeon
Gift of the designer in memory of Greta Daniel
By exchange from the Joan and Lester Avnet Collection and John S. Newberry Collection
Gift of Sam Salz
Riva Castleman Endowment Fund, The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation Fund, Frances Keech Fund, and by exchange: Nina and Gordon Bunshaft Bequest, Gift of James Thrall Soby, Anonymous, J. B. Neumann, and Victor S. Riesenfeld, Lillie P. Bliss Collection, and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund
Gift of Sophie Black
Gift of Pieter Brattinga
Gift of Varvara Alexandrovna Rodchenko and Alexander N. Lavrentiev
Gift of the Kosciuszko Foundation
Gift of Mrs. Condé Nast
Gift of The Photo Review with funds provided by Catherine and David Steinman
The Charles A. Dana Foundation Fund and Purchase
Gift of Dorothy Norman, 1963
Gift of Carroll Janis
Gift of H. H. Bennett Studios
Gift of Gifford Phillips and Purchase
The Ben Schultz Memorial Collection  Gift of the photographer
Gift of The Contemporaries, Inc.
Gift of Carey O. Cook
Alva Gimbel Fund, D.S. and R.H. Gottesman Foundation Fund, Sadie A. May Fund, John S. Newberry Fund, Mrs. E.B. Parkinson Fund
Purchased with funds given by  Susan G. Jacoby in honor of her mother Marjorie L. Goldberger, and the Frances R. Keech Fund
Gift of Galerie Heiner Friedrich, Munich
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph F. Colin, Leon A. Mnuchin, and Joanne M. Stern Fund
Gift of Harry Belafonte Foundation
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Allan D. Emil and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Willard Van Dyke
Gift of Ralph E. Shikes
Acquired through the generosity of Shirley C. Burden
Gift of Estée Lauder, Inc.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Abraham L. Chanin
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Patrick Dinehart
Gift of Edgar B. Howard
The Riva Castleman Endowment Fund and Gift of the Dedalus Foundation
The Katherine S. Dreier Bequest
Gift of Fourcade, Droll, Inc.
Gift of The Lauder Foundation, Leonard and Evelyn Lauder Fund, Jack Banning, and by Exchange
Gift of Paul Standard
Gift of the publisher
Gift of Mrs. Donald B. Straus
Gift of Leonard Rosenberg
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Judd Marmor
Gift of Paul F. Walter in memory of Mark Kaminski
Gift of Joanna Glassell Wood
Roblee McCarthy Fund
Gift of Calvin Tompkins
Gift of Lord & Taylor
Acquired through the Mary Flexner Bequest
Gift of Thackrey & Robertson, San Francisco, and the designer
Gift of The State Hermitage Museum (through the International Council, by exchange)
Gift of Paul Herzog
Acquired with matching funds from Lily Auchincloss and the National Endowment for the Arts (.1-3). Acquired with matching funds from Mrs. John D. Rockefeller 3rd and the National Endowment for the Arts (.4-6)
Gift of Dr. Herbert W. Franke
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Lee Toole and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Panasonic Company
Gift of Fraser's
By Exchange
Gift of Georg Jensen, Inc.
Gift of Universal Limited Art Editions, Inc.
Gift of New York Shakespeare Festival
Acquired with matching funds from the Joseph G. Mayer Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the Rural Electrification Administration
Dorothy Braude Edinburg Fund and Purchase
Gift of David Guç
Latin American Fund
Gift of Joseph G. Mayer Foundation
Gift of Marc A. Schwartz
Purchased with funds given by Jan Christiaan Braun
Gift of Sean Elwood
Purchased from the artist through the Junior Council
The Associates Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Burdge in honor of their son Alan Ter Broeck Burdge
Gift of Heinz Berggruen (by exchange)
Helena Rubinstein Fund
Gift of the Olivetti Corporation
Gift of Thomas Bergen
Patricia Phelps de Cisneros Purchase Fund, Takeo Ohbayashi Purchase Fund, and Susan de Menil Purchase Fund
Gift of Matsuya Company, Ltd.
David Rockefeller, Jr. Fund
Gift of the Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art in honor of Jodie Eastman
Monroe Wheeler Fund  
Gift of Avalon S. Krukin
Purchase, by exchange
Gift of Nicholas Ház
Gift of Robert G. Osborne
Gift of Mrs. Henry I. Cobb and Purchase
Gift of Mrs. Wolfgang Schoenborn
Mr. and Mrs. Clark B. Winter, Jr. Fund
Given in honor of Arthur Drexler by Sydney and Frances Lewis, Richmond, Virginia
Miles O. Epstein Fund
Acquired through the Mrs. Harry Lynde Bradley and the Katherine S. Dreier Bequests
Gift of Henry Church
Gift of Eric Brill in memory of Abbie Hoffman
Purchased with funds given by Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder, Maria-Gaetana Matisse and the Committee on Drawings
Gift of Mrs. Carol O. Selle
The Parkinson Fund
Gift of the Estate of C.M. Price
Gift of the architects in honor of Philip Johnson
Gift of photographer in honor of David H. McAlpin
Gift of Paul Katz
Gift of Carl Van Vechten
Gift of Richard Benson
Gift of Paul Bianchini
Gift of Marshall S. Cogan
Hector Guimard Fund
Joseph Heil Fund
Acquired through the Lillie P. Bliss Bequest and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund
Gift of François Lachenal
Barbara Lee Fund
Gift of the James S. and Marvelle W. Adams Foundation
Gift of the friends of Max Ross, in memory of Adam Joseph Ross
Mies van der Rohe Archive, gift of the architect  
Gift of Baccarat & Porthault, Inc.
Gift of Knoll International, USA
Gift of the Theatre Guild
Gift of Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller, Mrs. Gifford Phillips, Celeste and Armand P. Bartos, Mrs. S. I. Newhouse, Jr., and purchase
Purchased with funds from the Richardson Foundation
Gift of Mrs. Constance Breuer
Gift of Jacqueline Brody
Mrs. Simon Guggenheim Fund
Mies van der Rohe Archive, gift of Mary Callery
Modern print by Richard Benson from the original negative in the Abbott-Levy Collection, The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of John Hay Whitney
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Schwartz
Acquired through the generosity of Susan G. Jacoby in honor of Edward Goldberger
Gift of Marina Picasso
Riva Castleman Fund
Gift of Mrs. Eyre de Lanux
Gift of Howard Miller Clock Co.
The John S. Newberry Fund
Gift of Elaine Lustig
Gift of Macy's
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Adler
Elinor and Edmund Grasheim Annual Fund
Gift of the photographer in memory of David Stettner
Gift of The Family of Man Fund
Gift of the Times Wide World Photos
Gift of G. E. Kidder Smith
Barbara Ferry Hooker Fund
Gift of Messrs. John Clancy and Peter Ornstein
Gift of Miss M. T. Talbot
The Celeste and Armand Bartos Foundation Fund
Gift of Dr. F. H. Hirschland
Walter Bareiss fund
Gift of the Marlborough-Gerson Gallery, N.Y
Gift of the Polish Ambassador to the United Nations
Given anonymously in memory of Chip Elwell
Gift of Dr. Jack E. Chachkes
Given by Parasol Press in honor of Andrea Feldman's first curated show
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Leo Auerbach
Gift of W. T. Reed
Gift of the Office of War Information
Gift of Mrs. Ruth Vollmer
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Douglas McKelvy
Gift of Peter S. Reed
Gift of a friend
Acquired with matching funds from Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller and the National Endowment for the Arts, l978
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Victor Thaw
Gift of Miss Caresse Crosby
Acquired through the generosity of the Joel W. Solomon Estate
Gift of The State Hermitage Museum (by exchange)
Gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder in honor of the Japanese members of The International Council of The Museum of Modern Art, Mr. and Mrs. Toshio Hara, Mr. and Mrs. Minoru Mori, Mr. and Mrs. Takeo Obayashi, and Mr. and Mrs. Seiji Tsutsumi
Gift of William H. Levitt
Elinor and Edmund Grasheim Fund and purchase
Purchased with proceeds from the 2000 "Clue II" event sponsored by The Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of R.H. Macy & Co.
Gift of Mrs. Carl Sandburg
Gift of John Russell
Gift of Roblee McCarthy, Jr. Fund and Lily Auchincloss Fund
Gift of Dr. Lee Hall
The Family of Man Fund
Gift of the Office for Emergency Management
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Saidenberg in memory of Allan D. Emil
Bequest of Helen Acheson
Gift of Amerika Haus
Gift of The J. M. Kaplan Fund, Inc.
Gift of Jon Hendricks
Gift of Dr. Samuel Mandel
Acquired through the generosity of Monroe Wheeler
Gift of Hessischer Rundfunk
The James Thrall Soby Bequest
Gift in honor of Paul J. Sachs
Gift of Mr. David Whitney
The Riklis Collection of McCrory Corporation
Gift of Roger Crossgrove
Gift of Sarah Newmeyer
Purchased with funds provided by Mildred Rendl- Marcus
Gift of Trailwise Company
Architecture and Design Interest Fund
Gift of Walter Bareiss and Purchase
Joachim Jean Aberbach and Mrs. John Barry Ryan Funds
Nina and Gordon Bunshaft Bequest
Gift of Beaumont and Nancy Newhall
Gift of the Museum of the City of New York
Gift of Mrs. Kurt Baasch
Edgar Kaufmann, Jr. Purchase Fund
Gift of Bonniers
Gift in memory of Patrica Kane Matisse
Gift of the International Graphic Art Society
Gift of Heinz Berggruen, William S. Lieberman, and Klaus Perls in memory of Frank Perls, art dealer
Transferred from Department of Architecture
Gift of Norbert Schimnel
Ingram Merrill Foundation Fund
Gift of Jeanne Reynal
D. S. and R. H. Gottesman Foundation
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. J.J. Klejman
Gift of Lynn Hecht Schafran
Gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder in honor of Eliza Parkinson Cobb
Gift of Mr. Jack Yogman
Gift of the State Hermitage Museum (by exchange)
Gift of Gunn & Latchford
Gift of Jonathan Levinson
Purchased with funds given by Agnes Gund, Mr. and Mrs. James R. Hedges IV, Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder, and the General Drawings Fund
Gift of Kynaston McShine
Gift of The Celeste and Armand Bartos Foundation
Gift of Eileen and Peter Norton
Gift of John McAndrew
Mr. and Mrs. Clark Winter Fund and Purchase
Gift of Mrs. Alfred Marrow
Gift of Jean Denaiu
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Howard Conant
Gift of Lucia Eames Demetrios
Gift of Howard B. Johnson
Gift of P. Reyner Banham
Gift of The Edward John Noble Foundation Inc. and Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of the Rodchenko Family
Gift of Isaac Lagnado
Gift of Brooke Alexander, Inc.
Don Page Fund
Gift of American Institute of Graphic Arts
Gift of Agnès B. and Hans-Ulrich Obrist
Special PurchaseFund (Exh. 65)
Gift of Olivetti Corp.
Purchased with funds given by Mrs. Melville Wakeman Hall
Gift of Michèle Gerber Klein
Gift of Christopher Mount
Gift of Albert Carman
Gift of H.H. Corning
Gift of Martin and Rebecca Eisenberg
Contemporary European Drawings Fund
Purchased with funds provided by Marlene Hess, Clay Barr, Pam and James Heller, Kenneth Kuchin, Leila and Melville Straus, Sylvia de Cuevas, Richard Anderman, and The Contemporary Arts Council
Gift of Marshall S. Cogan in honor of Barbara Jakobson
Gift of Lilyan and Toby Miller
Robert K. and Barbara J. Straus Family Foundation
Gift of Tim Rollins
Gift of Mr. Robert G. Berry and Mrs. Christiane Laus Berry (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Gift of Böhme Fettchemie of Düsseldorf
Gift of the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis
Purchased with funds provided by Kathy and Richard S. Fuld, Jr., Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder, Thomas Weisel, Agnes Gund, Sarah-Ann and Werner H. Kramarsky, and gift of The Sidney and Harriet Janis Collection (by exchange)  
Gift of Klaus G. Perls, in memory of Frank Perls, Art Dealer (by exchange)
Gift of Carl Sandburg
Gift of Piergiorgio Spallacci
Gift of Mrs. Ralph Seward Allen
Gift of Enterprise Magistrat, Ljubljana, Yugoslavia
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Boris Kerdimun Archive)
Gift of Familia Alvarez Bravo y Urbajtel
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund, Jan Tschichold Collection
Acquired through the generosity of Lily Auchincloss and Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Herbert F. Molner
Gift of Ville Veijalainen
Gift of the Estate of Robert Overby
Andrew Cogan Purchase Fund
Gift of Leonore K. Scheffer, Mickey Beyer, and Andrew and Elise Jaffe Brownstein in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
Gift of Arthur M. Bullowa
Gift of William A. Koshland
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation
Gift of Mary Callery
Gift of Lucia Eames Demetrios and purchase
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Klaus G. Perls
Gift of Herbert Tugendhat, Knoll International, Inc. and Jack Lenor Larsen
Gift of G.E. Kidder-Smith
Gift of Julia Feininger
Gift of Mary Ellen Meehan
Gift of Sean Sweeney
Acquired through the generosity of Celeste Bartos
Gift of Helen and Paul Anbinder
Gift of Lincoln Center
Acquired through the generosity of the Nina W. Werblow Charitable Trust
Gift of the Museum Fridericianum, Kassel
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Werner E. Josten
Gift of the Estate of Vera Louise Fraser
Elizabeth Bliss Parkinson Fund
The Louis E. Stern Collection
Gift of William S. Lieberman in honor of Louise Reinhardt Smith
Gift of Orrefors Galleries
Gift of DSB (Danish State Railway)
Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel and purchase
Mr. and Mrs. Werner E. Josten Fund
Acquired through the generosity of Arthur Bullowa
Gift of The Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of the Cordier and Ekstrom Gallery
Philip C. Johnson Fund
James Thrall Soby Bequest
Frances R. Keech Bequest
Gift of the Terraillon Corporation
Gift from the collection of Mr. and Mrs. Albert Greene
Gift of Tom Jones in memory of Joe Fawbush
Inter-American Fund
Gift of Mr. Irving Drutman
Acquired with matching funds from Shirley C. Burden and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Yevgeny Yevtushenko
From the collection of Mary Louise Reynolds
Gift of Theodore R. Gamble, Jr.
John R. Jakobson Fund
Gift of the Kunstmuseum, Zürich
Purchase through the Vincent D'Aquila and Harry Soviak Bequest Fund
Gift of Mrs. Katharine Kuh
Gift of Mrs. Alfred A. Knopf
Gift of Stelton, USA
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. E.A. Bergman
Gift of Sheila Hicks
Gift of the artist through the Ford Foundation Purchase Program
Gift of Michael Cohn
Gift of Jacqueline Picasso in honor of the Museum's continuous commitment to Pablo Picasso's art
Gift of Mitchell Deutsch
Acquired through the generosity of the John E. Galvin Charitable Trust on behalf of the Crous Family
Gift of Mrs. Nina Howell Starr
Gift of Lufthansa German Airlines
Gift of Jean Mali Noyes
Gift of Malcolm Goldstein (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Gift of Walter A. Weiss
Gift of Holly Solomon Gallery
Gift of UFA (Universum-Film-Aktiengesellschaft)
Gift of Charlotte Berend-Corinth
The Louis and Bessie Adler Foundation, Seymour M. Klein, President
Gift of Braun North America
Gift of Miss Mildred Constantine
Law Foundation Fund
Gift of Polaroid Corporation
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen Hahn
Gift of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents
Acquired with matching funds from Prinz Franz von Bayern and the National Endowment for the Arts
Barbara Jakobson Purchase Fund
Gift of William S. Rubin
The Werner and Elaine Dannheisser Collection
The William B. Jaffe and Evelyn A.J. Hall Collection
Acquired with matching funds from David H. McAlpin, the Frank Strick Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts
Acquired through the generosity of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Nina and Gordon Bunshaft
Gift of the Howard Wise Gallery
Gift of Steendrukkerij de Jong and Company
Gift of The Howard Gilman Foundation
Gift of Edward M.M. Warburg (by exchange)
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Fischbach
Gift of June Sidman
Gift of David Rockefeller, Jr.
Gift in memory of Reverend Laurence Feininger
Gift of Paul Magriel
Gift of Armin Hofmann
Gift of Lewis & Conger
Monroe Wheeler Memorial Fund, Roxanne H. Frank Fund and partial gift of Charles Booth-Clibborn
Gift of David C. Ruttenberg
Gift of the artist and of Rose Fried
Courtesy of Jesse E. Ebert
Gift of Bruce Berman
Gift of Mayhew-Copley, Ltd.
Gift of Sam A. Lewisohn (by exchange)
Transferred from the Department of Rights and Reproductions
Gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder in memory of J. Frederic Byers III
Gift of Mildred Hayes Cain in honor of Kate Rodina Steichen
Acquired through the generosity of Celeste G. Bartos
Special Purchase Fund (Exh. 65)
Gift of Mr. & Mrs. E. Powis Jones Fund
Gift of Container Corporation of America
Gift of Mrs. Gertrud A. Mellon
Gift of Mrs. Mildred Singer Hirschkorn
Gift of Mrs. Richard Deutsch
Gift of Herbert Bayer
Gift of Iolas Gallery
Gift of Perls Galleries in memory of Robert Laurent
Gift of Carl van der Voort
Gift of Jean-Christophe Castelli
Gift of Max Ernst
Gift of Renny Saltzman
Gift of Mrs. Victor W. Ganz
Gift of Jan Tschichold
Acquired with matching funds from Dr. and Mrs. David Abrahamsen, Shirley Polykoff, Florene M. Schoenborn, Alice C. Simkins, Joanne Stern and the National Endowment for the Arts
Fractional and promised gift of Charles Cowles
Gift of Waertsila Corporation, New York
Courtesy of Black Star
Gift of Pulos Design Associates, Inc.
Given in honor of Arthur Drexler by Lily Auchincloss, Celeste & Armand P. Bartos, Edward & Mary Barnes, Samuel I. Newhouse Foundation, The Joseph H. & Florence A. Roblee Foundation, Skidmore, Owings & Merrill/New York Partners, Geddes Brecher Qualls Cunningham
Gift of Robert L. Smith
Gift of Woodrow Campbell
Purchased in part with funds from Arthur Fleischer, Jr. and Linda Barth Goldstein
Gift of Judy and Stuart Spence
Bequest of Dorothy Norman
The Walter Foundation in Memory of J. Frederic Byers III
Gift of the artist, in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Ralph F. Colin
Gift of the artist and Parasol Press, Ltd.
Sarah C. Epstein Fund
Gift of Barbara Pine (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Acquired with matching funds from Michael Blankfort and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Nancy and Arnold Smoller in memory of Esta M. Josephs
Gift of Felix Landau
Gift of the International Program
Gift of Mrs. B. S. Sexton in memory of her sister, Margaret DeM. Brown
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alan Kern
Donald Karshan Fund
Gift of Della Rothermel in honor of John Petrik Rothermel
Gift of W. Claude Smith
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Schimmel and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Richard Avedon
Gift of Gifford Phillips
Gift of Mrs. Susanne Wasson-Tucker
Acquired through the generosity of Thilo von Watzdorf and Charles Cowles
Gift of Mrs. Gerald F. Warburg
Purchase and partial gift of Marianna Cook
Gift of Irving Blum
Gift of Gabriel Austin
Gift of Gunther Sander
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Allen Grover and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the U.S. Housing Authority
Gift of Walasse Ting
Gift of the Mayhew Shop
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Alex Rabinovich)
Gift of Mike Donaghue
Gift of Janet K. Ruttenberg
Gift of the General Dynamics Corporation
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Otto M. Gerson
Gift of Max Staller
Louis and Bessie Adler Foundation Fund, Seymour M. Klein, President
Gift of Andrew Raeburn
Gift of Mrs. J. Frederic Byers
Gift of Carole Littlefield
Gift of Franklin Field
The Ingram-Merrill Foundation
Gift of Helen Levitt
Gift of Dr. Andres J. Escoruela
Gift of the Andrew J. Crispo Collection
Gift of the Grandchildren of Daniel E. Cahill
Edward Steichen Fund
Acquired with the matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Schimmel and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Louise L. Chinn
Gift of Sam and Edna Neidorf
Gift of the Marguerite Singel Estate
Gift of the artist and the publisher
Gift of National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto
Gift of Mr. Chwalewik
Gift of the Solway Gallery, Cincinnati
Gift of Landfall Press
Mary Ellen Meehan Fund, Johanna and Leslie J. Garfield Fund, and Frances Keech Fund
Gift of Charles Z. Offin Art Fund, Inc.
Arthur M. Bullowa Fund and Geraldine Murphy Fund
The Joseph G. Mayer Foundation Fund
Gift of the designer through The U.S. Art Directors Club, Inc., New York
Gift of Maureen Granville-Smith
Gift of Sondra and Rand Castile
Gift of Mr. Irving Drutman in memory of George Davis
Gift of E. W. Kornfeld
Gift of Judith and Riaz Jurney
Given anonymously in honor of Agnes Gund and Daniel Shapiro
Gift of Barbara B. Toole (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Purchased with funds given by Howard B. Johnson
Gift of Helen Serger
Gift of the employees of Herman Miller
Gift of Celeste Bartos
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Abram Kanof
Gift of the Pace Gallery
Gift of Gump's
Gift of Mrs. Alexander Keiller
Gift of Joseph Grippi
Gift of The Edward John Noble Foundation
Acquired with matching funds from an anonymous donor and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Richard S. Zeisler
Gift of Lawrence L. DiCarlo
Gift of Wilder Green
Gift of the Galerie Casa, Munich
Gift of the Congress of Industrial Organizations
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. John D. Rockefeller 3rd in memory of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Walter Chrysler
Gift of the Estate of Dorothy Varian (by exchange)
Gift of J. Frederic Byers III
Gift of John Richardson
Gift of Honig Cooper & Harrington
Mrs. John D. Rockefeller 3rd Fund
Gift of Melinda Norris Kennedy in memory of her father, Clarence Kennedy
Gift of Tony Ganz in memory of Sally Ganz and her friendship with Robert Storr
Gift of Barbara G. Pine
Gift of Grace Borgenicht (Fund)
Associate Council Fund
Courtesy of the Library of Congress
Acquired with matching funds from Gertrud A. Mellon and the National Endowment for the Arts
Acquired through the generosity of Shirley C. Burden and the Estate of Vera Louise Fraser
Gift of Samuel Hume
Gift of Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden (by exchange)
Gift of the Van Bovenkamp Gallerie
The Joseph G. Mayer Foundation in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Jan Tschichold Collection, Gift of Philip Johnson
Gift of Agnes Gund and Maria-Gaetana Matisse
Gift of George Jaffin
Gift of Dorothea Lange
Francis E. Brennan Fund
Takeo Ohbayashi Purchase Fund
Gift of Bowen H. McCoy
Gift of Wobron S.A.I.C
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Carroll Cartwright
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Herman Schneider
Acquired with matching funds from Dorothy B. Edinburg and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Mrs. Donna Schneier
Courtesy of the Bibliotheque Nationale, Paris
Gift of Frayda and Ronald Feldman
Gift of International Silk Association
Gift of Harriette and Noel Levine
Gift of Associated American Artists, New York
Gift of the U. S. Government Printing Office
Acquired through the generosity of the Contemporary Arts Council in memory of Michael Harwig
Kay Sage Tanguy Bequest
Gift of Frederic Tuten
Gift of the War Production Board
Gift of Emily Fisher Landau
Sam A. Lewisohn Bequest
Gift of Howard Taubman
Reba and Dave Williams Fund
Poster Fund
Gift of Edward M. M. Warburg
Gift of Alfred Clauss
Courtesy, Nebraska State Historical Society
Gift of the International Program, by exchange
Acquired through the generosity of Agnes Gund
Mrs. Donald B. Marron Purchase Fund and Gift of Bellas Artes Gallery
Gift of Brown & Sharpe
Gift of Mrs. Joseph H. Lauder
Gift of Mrs. Alfred R. Stern and Mrs. Edward T. Chase
Gift of Mrs. Nickolas Muray
Purchase through the Vincent d'Aquila and Harry Soviak Bequest Fund
Gift of Richard L. Sandor
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard L. Selle
Gift of Ben Heller
Gift of the Glasgow School of Art
Riva Castleman Endowment Fund, The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation Fund, Lily Auchincloss Fund, Nelson Blitz, Jr. with Catherine Woodard and Perri and Allison Blitz, Sarah C. Epstein Fund, Richard A. Epstein Fund, Miles O. Epstein Fund, Johanna and Leslie J. Garfield Fund, and Purchase
Gift of Daniel-Henri Kahnweiler
Gift of Boris Mirski
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Meltzer
Gift of Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura
Gift of André Jammes
Gift of Wendy Larsen
Gift of Peter S. Scholl
Gift of Anne Tucker in Memory of Patricia M. Walker
Gift of the French National Railroads
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Benson
Gift of the photographer. 1972
Acquired with matching funds from The Joseph G. Mayer Foundation, Inc. and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the Swiss Office for the Development of Trade
Bequest to Sir Randal Heymanson by the late Margareta Akermark and donated by him to The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Mrs. David M. Levy
Gift of Arthur Rothstein
Gift of Cartón y Papel de México, S.A
Leonard and Evelyn Lauder Fund
Purchased with funds given by The Edward John Noble Foundation
Department Purchase Funds
Gift of Mrs. Theodore Boettger
Gift of Stephanie M. Palmer
Gift of the architects in honor of Lily Auchincloss
Gift of Patti Garnell Cadby
Gift of Merle Armitage, by exchange
Gift of Mr. Albert List
Gift of Celeste and Armand P. Bartos, Mrs. S. I. Newhouse, Jr., and purchase
Gift of Rita McNamara Pleet
Jacqueline Brody Fund and Harry Kahn Fund
Gift of Mrs. Schawinsky and Purchase
Gift of Monroe Wheeler
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund and Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller Fund
Acquired through the generosity of Howard Stein
Gift of Jane Wade in memory of Curt Valentin
Gift of Clemente Orozco
Gift of D. and J. de Menil
Gift of Robley Gallery
Gift of Anne Tucker in memory of Grace M. Mayer
Gift of John Bernard Myers
Gift of Linda Barth Goldstein
Gift of Dorothy Miller (by exchange)
Gift of Mrs. Henry I. Cobb and Joanne M. Stern Fund
Gift of Karl Nierendorf
Gift of The Gilman Foundation, Inc.
Gift of The Denise and Andrew Saul Fund
Gift of Donn Golden
Gift of United Artists Corp.
Gift of Terese and Alvin S. Lane Foundation
Gift of Carol Lynn Crocker
Joel and Anne Ehrenkranz Fund, The Family of Man Fund, and Purchase
Gift of Heinz Berggruen
Gift of G. H. Bass & Co.
Gift of Mrs. Henry I. Cobb
The Photography Council Fund
Department Purchase
Gift of Elizabeth Fuller
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Hudson D. Walker, in memory of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of the Estate of Keith Haring, Inc.
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Ubu Gallery)
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Edmond Luyckx
Gift of Mme. Wassily Kandinsky
Gift of James Wilder Green
Gift of Cordier & Ekstrom Gallery
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Ronald Neschis
NEA Architecture and Design Purchase Fund and Mrs. Armand P. Bartos
Walter Bareiss Fund and Sarah C. Epstein Fund
Gift of Robert Fraser Gallery
Gift of Richard E. Salomon
Gift of Steendrukkerij de Jong & Co
The Ralph E. Shikes Fund and John B. Turner Fund
Gift of Mrs. John D. Rockefeller, 3rd, Mrs. Gifford Phillips, Celeste and Armand P. Bartos, Mrs. S. I. Newhouse, Jr., and purchase
Gift of Rapho-Guillumette Pictures
Arthur A. Cohen Purchase Fund
Museum purchase
Gift of George Money
Gift of the Willard Gallery
Gift of Jeanne C. Thayer and Purchase
Mrs. John D. Rockefeller 3rd Purchase Fund
Gift of Kasmin Limited
Gift of Mr. John D. Rockefeller, Jr.
Gift of John Massey
Gift of Walt Disney Productions
Gift of Joseph Daniel Cahill Masheck
Gift of Helen Harvey Mills in memory of Kathleen Harvey
Gift of Mrs. Alfred P. Shaw
Gift of Charles Cowles and Mary and David Robinson
Gift of the Scaler Foundation and purchase
Gift of Virginia Cuthbert Elliott
Gift of Linda Barth Goldstein in honor of Deborah Wye
Gift of Czechoslovak Information Office
Gift of Editions Ilene Kurtz
Gift of Pierre N. Leval
Gift of the Benjamin and Frances Benenson Foundation
Gift of Galerie Denise René
Gift of Howard Zuker
Gift of Lakota Corporation
Gift of Jane Katcher in honor of Agnes Gund
Gift of the Rosengarten Foundation
Gift of Philip H. Isles
Gift of the Adelaide Ross Foundation
Acquired with matching funds from Lily Auchincloss and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Marion Joseph Lebworth
Acquired through the generosity of Barbara Jakobson
Gift of Jesse E. Ebert
Johanna and Leslie Garfield Fund
J. Henry Schroder Bank and Trust Company Fund
Gift of Noah Goldwosky
Gift of Venturi, Rauch, and Scott Brown, Inc.
Gift of Dr. Jack Budowsky
Gift of John Weber
Gift of AT&T Bell Laboratories
Gift of Max and Dorothy Fenmore
Greta Daniel Design Fund
Gift of Emilio Sanchez
The Ben Schultz Memorial Collection. Gift of Lee Friedlander
Gift of Vico Baer
Joseph M. and Dorothy B. Edinburg Fund
Kay Sage Tanguy Fund
Gift of Richard H. Waddell
Gift of Bloomingdale Bros., Inc.
Gift of Samuel M. Kootz
Gift of Erwin Eliel
Gift of Mrs. V. Henry Rothschild
Gift of Richard Kemble and George Korn in memory of Monroe Wheeler
Gift of Sculpture House
Gilman Foundation Fund
M. Dickinson Fund
Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr. Fund and Purchase
Gift of IBM, New York
Acquired with matching funds from Mrs. Edwin L. Hilson and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Carol and Arthur Goldberg
Gift of the Kunsthalle Baden
Gift of Elise Jaffe + Jeffrey Brown
Acquired with matching funds from Nelson Blitz, Jr. and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Mottahedah & Co., Inc.
Gift of Edition Olympia
Gift of the Amarillo Art Center
Gift of John D. Rockefeller, 3rd
Gift of Ralph Neuberger
Gift of Shell - Mex B P
Gift of the War Department
Gift of Robert Shapazian
Gift of Architectural Supplements, Inc.
Gift of Donald Thal
Acquired through the courtesy of the photographer
Gift of Catherine Woodard
Mr. and Mrs. E. Powis Jones Fund
Lily Auchincloss Fund
Gift of Getler/Pall Gallery
Helen Acheson Bequest
Gift of The Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of the Gilman Foundation
Acquired with matching funds from David H. McAlpin and the National Endowment for the Arts, 1978
Gift of the Passedoit Gallery
Gift of Seibu Department Stores, Ltd.
Gift of the artist and Brooke Alexander, Inc.
Pritzker Foundation Fund and Architecture & Design Purchase Fund
Gift of Anne Ehrenkranz in honor of John Szarkowski
Purchase and partial gift of Leslie J. Schreyer
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Sam A. Lewisohn
Gift of Tauno Tarna
Gift of the Institute of Contemporary Art
Gift of Dorothy Young and Stephen Agard
Purchase fund
Gift of the U.S. Office of Emergency Management
Gift of Patricia and Morris Orden and an Anonymous Donor
Gift of The International Council of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Mr. & Mrs. Paul H. Oppmann
Anonymous gift
Stephen R. Currier Memorial Fund
Gift of the Estate of Robert Smithson
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. David Rockefeller
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Benenson
Gift of Bates Lowry
Gift of Samuel Chotzinoff
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill Design Collection Purchase Fund
Gift of Mrs. Charles Liebman
Gift of Terry Dintenfass, Inc.
Gift of Henri Jonquières
Gift of Timothy Baum in memory of Harry H. Lunn, Jr.
Gift of the artist in memory of Frank O'Hara
Gift of Mrs. Raymond C. Collins
Gift of Knox Burger
The Museum of Modern Art, New York. Gift of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller
Joseph M. and Dorothy B. Edinburg Charitable Trust Fund
Zaidee Dufallo Fund and Greta Daniel Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Erich Cohn
Given anonymously in memory of Joe Fawbush
Gift of Georgia O'Keeffe
Gift of Mrs. Eugene McDermott in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Rosenfeld (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books) by exchange
Gift of Dr. Charles Semonsky
Gift of the Bianchini Gallery
Gift of Marvin Hoshino in memory of Ben Maddow
Gift of Lenart Import, Ltd.
Gift of Greunebaum Gallery
D. S. and R. H. Gottesman Foundation Fund
Gift of School Prints, Ltd., London
Gift of John Apicella
Gift of Neal Adair Prince
Gift of Otto M. Gerson
Gift of Nabis Fine Arts, Inc.
Walter Bareiss Fund and Purchase
Gift of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller and the Lillie P. Bliss Collection (by exchange)
Gift of Baker Furniture, Inc.
Gift of Braun Electric America
Gift of Berggruen and Co., Paris
Carol O. Selle Fund
Gift of Lee and Maria Friedlander in memory of E. Lorenz Borenstein
Gift of Eugene Ettlinger
Gift of James Danziger Gallery, New York
Gift of Cunningham & Walsh
Gift of Charles B. Benenson (by exchange)
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Henry Sagan
Gift of David Whitney
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Reiss
The John S. Newberry Collection
Adriane Reggie Fund and John R. Jakobson Foundation Fund
Gift of the Nebraska Historical Society
Gift of Crown Point Press, in celebration of its 25th anniversary
Gift of Dorothy Norman, by exchange
Gift of Jerry Gorovoy
Gift of Will Grohmann
Acquired through the generosity of Lois and Bruce Zenkel
Gift of Mary Steichen Calderone, M. D
Gift of Rijksuniversiteit, Leiden
Gift of the photographer, 1950
Gift of Dorothy Miller
L-B Foundation Fund
Joanne M. Stern Fund
The Edgar & Theresa Hyman Foundation Fund
Gift of William S. Susman and Emily Glasser (through the Contemporary Arts Council)
Gift of Mrs. Donald B. Straus Fund
Gift of the Civil Aeronautics Administration
Gift of A. M. Adler and Norman Hirschl
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Elliot Cohn
Gift of the Galerie Denise René
Purchased with funds provided by Sylvia de Cuevas, Leila and Melville Straus, and The Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Brewster Gallery
Gift of Dr. Stanley B. Burns
Gift of Waertsila Corporation
Purchased with funds given by Patricia Phelps de Cisneros in honor of Gilberto Chateaubriand
Gift of John Rewald
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. František Kupka
Gift of Alfred Roth and anonymous donor
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Philip A. Straus
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. R. Kirk Askew, Jr.
The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation Fund
Gift of Conran's
Zaidee Dufallo Fund
Gift of Marty Sklar
Gift of Lee and Maria Friedlander in memory of Bob Sherwin
J. B. Neumann
Gift of C&D Editions
Given anonymously in memory of Arnold and Miriam Elkind
Courtesy Dr. Genthe
Gift of Theodor Ahrenberg
Acquired with matching funds from the Lydia K. and Harry L. Winston Art Collection and the National Endowment for the Arts
Riva Castleman Endowment Fund, Lily Auchincloss Fund, and gift of Parkett
Transferred from the Eluard and Dausse Collection, The Museum of Modern Art Library
Gift of the Author
Linda B. Goldstein Fund
Gift of Lillian L. and Jack I. Poses
Gift of Eliza Parkinson Cobb
Gift of Robert A. Jacobs
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph F. Colin Fund, Leon A. Mnuchin Fund, and Joanne M. Stern Fund
Gift of J. Robert Orton, Jr.
Gift of Mme Hélène Iliazd
Gift of the Nina W. Werblow Charitable Trust
Gift of Roy Ginstrom
Gift of the Hessischen Landesmuseum, Darmstadt
Mrs. Alfred R. Stern Fund
Mrs. Gifford Phillips Purchase Fund
Friends of Contemporary Art Fund
Gift of Gayle Greenhill
Gift of Canon U.S.A., Inc.
Van Gogh Purchase Fund
Gift of Bonnie Benrubi
Gift of Harper's Bazaar
Mrs. John D. Rockefeller Fund
Gift of Page, Arbitrio and Resen
Gift of Carolyn Alexander and Ted Bonin
Gift of Helen Franc in memory of Greta Daniel
Gift of Bernard Rabin and Nathan Krueger
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Henry Ritter
Gift of Pierre Apraxine in honor of Kynaston McShine
Acquired through the generosity of Arthur M. Bullowa
Gift of the Leo Castelli Gallery
Gift of Francis M. Naumann
Gift of the Junior Council
Gift of the Harold and Esther Edgerton Family Foundation, Concord, MA
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alex L. Hillman
Gift of Eberhard W. Kornfeld
Mrs. Gilbert W. Chapman Fund and gift of Galerie Maeght
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. William Berley, Mr. and Mrs. Burt Sherman and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Ernst Halberstadt
Gift of Emily Landau
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Gregor Medinger
The William B. and Evelyn A. Jaffe Collection
Gift of Joe Masler
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Sydney S. Spivack
Gift of the Christopher Forbes Foundation
Gift of Barbara Jakobson, Robert and Joyce Menschel and the Peter Norton Family Foundation
Rosengarten Foundation and Eliza Parkinson Cobb Fund
Elinor and Edmund Grasheim Annual Fund and Purchase
Gift of Inter/Graph
Gift of TWA
Gift of Maria and Lee Friedlander in memory of Anita Roberts
Gift of Jan Christiaan Braun in honor of Agnes Gund
Gift of The Helen and Felix Juda Foundation
Gift of Dr. Anny Baumann
Double credit line (see individual entries)
The Joan and Lester Avnet Collection
Gift of Frank Stanton
Estée and Joseph Lauder Design Fund and gift of Scott Elliott in memory of Alec Sutherland
Gift of Susan Merians
Acquired with matching funds from R.L.B. Tobin and the National Endowment for the Arts
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Victor Thaw Fund
Gift of Mrs. Hermine Turner
Gift of Robert and Sylvie Liska in honor of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Yoseido Gallery, Tokyo
Gift of Harriette and Noel Levine and Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel
Gift of Pierre Loeb
Arnold Smoller Fund
Gift of Finland Ceramics and Glass
Gift of Mrs. Bliss Parkinson
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Dorsky
Larry Aldrich Foundation Fund and anonymous gift
Gift of A. Conger Goodyear
Gift of the Polish Ambassador to the United States
National Endowment for the Arts Project Funds
Acquired through the generosity of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
Gift of Pierre Matisse
Acquired through the generosity of Howard B. Johnson in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of Doyle, Dane, Bernbach Agency
Gift of the Kestner-Gesellschaft, Hannover
Gift of Constance B. Cartwright, Roger S. and Brook Berlind, Marshall S. Cogan and purchase
William K. Simpson Fund
Gift of the Committee on Drawings in honor of Richard E. Oldenburg
Gift of Barbara Jakobson and John R. Jakobson
Gift of Dr. Christopher Tietze
Gift of the Duke University Rare Book, Manuscript, and Special Collections Library
Gift of Arnold Gilbert
Howard Johnson Fund
Gift of Patricia and Morris Orden
Purchased with funds provided by The Edward John Noble Foundation and Purchase Fund
Gift of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros, Takeo Ohbayashi Purchase Fund, and Susan de Menil Purchase Fund
Gift of Donald Karshan
Gift of Design Research, New York
Gift of Helen Harvey Mills
Rose Gershwin Fund
Gift of the Denise and Andrew Saul Fund and the Scaler Foundation
Courtesy of the photographer
Gift of de Jong & Co., Amsterdam
Kathleen Brockhurst Bequest
Gift of The Josef and Anni Albers Foundation in honor of Riva Castleman
Anonymous gift (by exchange)
Gertrud Mellon Fund
Fractional and promised gift of Sheldon H. Solow
Gift of J.B. Neumann (by exchange)
Gift of Mme. Roberta Gonzalez
Gift of Arne and Milly Glimcher, Francois de Menil, Charles B. Benenson, and Sheldon H. Solow
Gift of Miss Patti Garnell Cadby
Gift of The Museum of Modern Art Department of Publications
Linda Barth Goldstein Fund
Mrs. Cornelius J. Sullivan Fund
Gift of The Patsy R. Taylor Family Trust
Gift of Alice C. Simkins in memory of Alice Nicholson Hanszen
Gift of Yoh Art Gallery
Gift of Mrs. Marjorie Falk
Gift of the artist through the Ford Foundation
Gift of Ellen Kern and Gail Garlick in memory of their parents, Jewel and Lewis Garlick
Alfred H. Barr, Jr. Bequest
Gift of Luciano Anselmo, Torino, Italy
Gift of B. A. Barkai
Gift of Barbara Foshay
Gift of Leslie Garfield
Gift of the Finnish Commission, New York World's Fair, 1939-40
Gift of Mrs. Niles Spencer
Gift of Alvin Epstein
Gift of the Industrial Design Society of America
Gift of Gérald Cramer in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of Lee Krasner in memory of Jackson Pollock
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Frank Y. Larkin and the National Endowment for the Arts
Joseph M. and Dorothy B. Edinburg Charitable Trust
Elmer A. Johnson, Jr. Bequest
Gift of Constance B. Cartwright and an anonymous donor
Gift of T.J. Maloney
Gertrud A. Mellon Fund
Gift of Jan Christiaan Braun
Acquired through donations by friends in memory of Rose Kolmetz
Purchased with funds given by Patricia and Morris Orden
Gift of The Josef Albers Foundation
Gift of James Lord
Gift of Nelson Blitz, Jr. (through The Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Gift of the Galerie de France, Paris
Gift of Mme Helena Rubinstein
Gift of Ruth Garvey Fink and H. Bernerd Fink in honor of Bradbury Thompson
Gift of the Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art in memory of Hedi Kravis Ruger
Gift of Mrs. Pare Lorentz
The Ben Schultz Memorial Collection. Gift of the photographer
Gift of Mrs. Jacob M. Kaplan
Gift of Art Issue Editions, Inc.
Gift of Peter H. Deitsch
Gift of the architects
Gift of Mrs. Gabrielle Keiller
Gift of Earl Reiback
Acquired through the generosity of Agnes Gund, Mr. and Mrs. James R. Hedges, IV, Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder and the Committee on Drawings
Gift of Andrea and William Turnage, 1976
Gift of Edition Julie Sylvester
Purchased with funds provided by the International Program
Gift of D. Stanley Corcoran, Inc.
Gift of Jean Deniau
Gift of John Rewald in memory of Frances Weitzenhoffer
Gift of photographer
Gift of Mr. Arthur Ross
Lord & Taylor Fund
Gift of Philip L. Goodwin
Gift of Mrs. Robert M. Benjamin
Gift of the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books and of Elaine Lustig Cohen in memory of Arthur A. Cohen
Gift of Mrs. Wallace M. Scudder
Gift in memory of Patricia Kane Matisse
Gift of George and Betty Woodman
Gift of Carl Lobell
Gift of Miss Georgette Passedoit
Gift of Sylvan Cole, in memory of Lillyan Cole
Gift of Herbert and Nanette Rothschild
Gift of Barbro Kulvik and Antti Siltavuori
Gift of Alexander Liberman
Purchased with the Frances Keech Fund and funds given by Agnes Gund and Daniel Shapiro, Gilbert Kaplan, Jeanne C. Thayer, Reba and Dave Williams, Lee and Ann Fensterstock, Linda Barth Goldstein, Walter Bareiss, Mrs. Melville Wakeman Hall, Emily Rauh Pulitzer, and Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Schimmel
Gift of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs
Gift of Lee and Ann Fensterstock, in honor of their daughters, Kate and Jane
1935 Acquisition confirmed in 1999 by agreement with the Estate of Kazimir Malevich and made possible with funds from the Mrs. John Hay Whitney Bequest (by exchange)
Riva Castelmann Fund
Gift of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros in honor of Aaron Edgar Bronfman
Gift of Kate Steichen
Gift of Rena Rosenthal, Inc.
S. Brooks Barron Fund
Gift of Emilio del Junco
Gift of the Bertha Schaefer Gallery
Gift of Marlborough Graphics, Inc.
Acquisition from the Werner Dannheisser Testamentary Trust
Gift of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros in memory of Marcantônio Vilaça
Gift of Mrs. Edith Gregor Halpert
Gift of Benjamin Robert Payn
Mr. and Mrs. John R. Jakobson Fund
Gift of Emmanuel Benador Fine Arts
Gift of the Museum Department of Publications
Acquired through the generosity of Scripps Howard Broadcasting Company in honor of Jack R. Howard
Purchased as the partial gift of Paul F. Walter
Joseph G. Mayer Foundation, Inc. Fund
David Rockefeller Latin American Fund
Gift of Fred Jahn
Polaroid Foundation Fund
Gift of J. B. Neumann
Acquired with matching funds from Carol O. Selle and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of John Loring
Gift of the designer and Emilio Ambasz Fund
Gift of Weyhe Gallery
Gift of Mrs. Ludwig Hirschfeld
Gift of Styria Studio, Inc.
Gift of N.D. Lobanov
Gift of the New Gallery
Fractional and promised gift of Marie-Josée and Henry R. Kravis
Gift of Tyler Graphics in memory of Joan Mitchell
Walter Thayer Bequest
Joy E. Feinberg Purchase Fund. "Given with the deepest thanks by Joy E. Feinberg of Berkeley, California"
The Felix and Helen Juda Foundation Fund
Gift of Leo Castelli in memory of Toiny Castelli
Gift of Mrs. Werner Bischof and Magnum Photos, Inc.
Gift of Lilian Tone
Gift of Bernard C. Holland
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund (by exchange)
Gift of Robert Miller Gallery, New York
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Tamar Cohen and David Slatoff)
Gift of Galerie Jeanne Bucher
Gift of Peterburg Press, Inc. in memory of Myron Orlofsky
Gift of Kathleen Lingo in Memory of Linda McCartney
Acquired with matching funds from The Joseph G. Mayer Foundation, Inc. and The National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Mrs. Max Beckmann
Gift of Mrs. M. E. Wormser
Gift of Walter A. Allner
Gift of Sheldon H. Solow and the Lillie P. Bliss Bequest (by exchange)
Gift of Miss Lois Outerbridge
Acquired with matching funds from Charles B. Benenson and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of The Cosmopolitan Arts Foundation
Acquired with matching funds from Samuel William Sax and the National Endowment for the Arts, 1978
Gift of Mrs. G. David Thompson
Gift of Mrs. Edith G. Halpert
Gift of W.J.H.B. Sandberg
Gift of the Chicago Albumen Works
Gift of Arthur McTaggart
Gift of Friends of Greece, Inc.
Gift of Prunella Clough
Gift of Samuel Farber
Gift of Jack Banning
Estate of Patricia Bonfield
Gift of Sinclair Radionics
Gift of the Roland de Aenlle Gallery
Gift of Loriano Bertini
Gift of Necchi Sewing Machine Sales Corp.
Gift of Judith Young-Mallin
Gift of Mrs. Margarete Schultz
The Ralph E. Shikes Fund
Acquired through the generosity of The International Program of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Romeo Toninelli
Gift of Edward K. Straus
Virginia Cowles Schroth Fund
Gift of Lily Auchincloss (by exchange) and of Richard E. Salomon
Eugene and Clare Thaw Fund
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Purchase Fund
Gift of Robert and Jane Meyerhoff
Gift of Samuel I. Rosenman (by exchange)
Gift of the grandchildren of Daniel E. Cahill
Joseph M. and Dorothy B. Edinburg Charitable Trust Fund and Philip Johnson Fund
Gift of Tricia Collins
Gift of Roberta Gonzalez
Chermayeff and Geismar Fund
Katherine S. Dreier Bequest
Gift of Ward Jackson
Gift of Mrs. Alfred H. Barr, Jr.
Gift of Nelly van Doesburg
Gift of Stelton USA
Gift of the D.S. and R.H. Gottesman Foundation
Carol Buttenweiser Loeb Memorial Fund
Gift of the Galerie St. Etienne, New York, in memory of Dr. Otto Kallir; promised gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder; and purchase
Gift of Mrs. Hazel McKinley
Gift of Curt Marcus
Anonymous Fund
Jeffrey P. Klein Purchase Fund, Barbara Pine Purchase Fund, and Frederieke Taylor Purchase Fund
Gift of F. M. Supper
Gift of Dorothy Liebes
Gift of Shirley C. Burden, by exchange
Gift of the New York Times
Gift of The Heirs of Henri Matisse
Gift of Kleiner, Bell & Co.
Gift of Henry H. Ploch
Gift of Frances Beatty
Gift of John and Kimiko Powers
Gift of Rudolf Zwirner
Gift of Harry D. Jassem
Purchased with funds from The Richardson Foundation
Gift of Dorothy Braude Edinburg
Gift of Piet Van Waveren
Gift of Edith Gregor Halpert
Gift of the photographer in honor of John Szarkowski
Gift of Walter P. Chrysler, Jr.
Gift of Kenneth Walker
Gift of Bloomingdale Bros. Inc.
Celeste Bartos Fund
Richard E. and Christie Salomon Fund and The Family of Man Fund
Gift of Mrs. Welles Bosworth
Gift of John Coplans
Gift of Edwin A. Bergman
Acquired with matching funds from The Lauder Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts
Emery Fund
Gift of the San Juan Racing Association
Gift of Richard Miller
Gift of Lily Auchincloss
Gift of Fortune Magazine
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Pepi Boritz
Gift of Louise Ferrari
Gift in honor of Barbara Harrison Wescott
Gift of Manuel Gonzalez Flores
Gift of Robert C. Weinberg
Gift of Allen Skolnick
Purchased with funds given by Sheldon H. Solow
Gift in honor of Joy Feinberg
Gift of Knoll International Inc., USA
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Gifford Phillips
Gift of Mr. Hoger Cahill
Miles O.Epstein and Richard A. Epstein Funds
Gift of the manufacturer and ICF Inc.
Gift of Time-Life, Inc.
Gift of the manufacturer and Kikkerland Design, Inc.
Gift of Patricia Phelps de Cisneros and the manufacturer
Gift of Elinor and Edmund Grasheim through the Associates
Bequest of Georgia O'Keeffe
Gift of the Allrich Gallery
Gift of Robert M. Light
Gift of Arthur G. Altschul
Jeanne C. Thayer and John B. Turner Funds
Gift of Ronald A. Kurtz
Gift of The Mark Rothko Foundation, Inc.
Benjamin Scharps and David Scharps Fund
Celeste and Armand Bartos Foundation
Peter Stone Poster Fund
Purchased with funds given by Joanne Stern and Purchase Fund
Gift of John Bedenkapp
Gift of Bernard Vidal and Yolande Flesch
Gift of Arthur Drexler
Fractional and promised gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Mrs. Bertram Smith
Gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder and Mrs. S.I. Newhouse, Jr. Purchase Fund
Gift of the photographer in honor of Anne W. Tucker
Gift of Joachim Aberbach (by exchange)
Gift of Le Petit Mouchoir
Gift of Mark Cross Company
Philip Johnson Fund and Aram Designs Ltd., London
Gift of Foster Goldstrom
Gift of Patricia Lawrence
Gift of the Japan Society
Gift of the Judith Rothschild Foundation
Gift of The Stanley and Doris Tananbaum Foundation
Gift of Albert Dorskind
Gift of Walt Disney Productions, Ltd.
Gift of Frank Green and Diane Villani in honor of Riva Castleman
Purchased with funds provided by Mr. and Mrs. Edmond J. Safra in honor of Marie-Josée and Henry R. Kravis
Agnes Rindge Claflin Fund
Gift of the Eva Hesse Estate
Purchased with funds given by Susan G. Jacoby in honor of her mother Marjorie L. Goldberger and gift of the Friends of Contemporary Drawing
Gift of Lorana R.F.B. de Kide
Gift of The Limited Editions Club
Acquired with matching funds from Mrs. Allan D. Emil and the National Endowment for the Arts
Geraldine J. Murphy Fund
Gift of the artist in honor of Allen Williams
Gift of The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation Fund
Gift of the Berggruen Gallery
Gift in memory of Ellen MacKethan
Gift of Museum Publications
Gift of Dr. Annemarie S. Reynolds
Gift of Lillian Nassau
Acquired through the generosity of Robert B. Menschel
John S. Newberry Collection
Gift of Matthew Marks
Gift of Robert L. Heilbroner
Gift of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison
Gift of George Tanier, Inc.
Benjamin Zeller Memorial Fund and Anonymous Fund
Donald H. Karshan Fund
Gift of John A. Torson, in memory of Charles Alan
Gift of Lee and Maria Friedlander in memory of Estelle Kramer
Gift of Rose Fried
Gift of the artist (by exchange) and Edward R. Broida
Gift of Leonard and Evelyn Lauder
Gift of Hale and Mildred Alpern
Purchased as a gift of Shirley C. Burden
Gift of Mrs. Vahan Hagopian
Gift of Minami Gallery
Anonymous fractional and promised gift
Gift of Dr. Ralph Colp
Gift of the General Post Office, England
Gift of Lee Friedlander in Memory of Rory McEwen
Gift of Mrs. Milton Weill
Gift of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam
Gift of Pola Gauguin
Gift of Mrs. Joan Avnet in honor of William S. Lieberman
Gift of Kenneth Anthony Schachter
Fractional and promised gift of Celeste and Armand P. Bartos
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Rosen
Gift of Mrs. Nina Bunshaft
Gift of V. Henry Rothschild, II
Gift of Giorgio Upiglio
Gift of Ken Kuchin
Gift of the Estate of Mrs. George Acheson
Gift of Walter Gropius
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph F. Colin Fund, Leon A. Mnuchin Fund and Joanne M. Stern Fund
Gift of Charles Isaacs
Linda Barth Goldstein Fund and Purchase
Gift of Herbert and Virginia Lust
Gift of Sylvia Marlowe
Gift of David Rockefeller, Jr. Fund, Ira Howard Levy Fund, and Jeffrey P. Klein Purchase Fund
Gift of Monroe Wheeler in honor of Barbara Harrison Wescott
Gift of the photographer in memory of Bill Beckler
Gift of the Philadelphia Department of Commerce
Gift of Leslie J. Schreyer
Gift of Mrs. Lily Auchincloss
Gift of Columbia Pictures
Gift of Joern Lohmann
Peter H. Deitsch Bequest
Jeanne C. Thayer Fund and Purchase Fund
Gift of Steendrukkerij de Jong & Co., Hilversum
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Aaron H. Esman
The Margery and Harry Kahn Fund
One from a portfolio of nine screenprints
Gift of Irene Halsman
Gift of Joseph E. Novak
Gift of Aperture, Inc.
Gift of Steingrim Laursen
Acquired through the Lillie P. Bliss Bequest (by exchange)
Gift of the Robert Lehman Foundation, Inc.
Gift of the Museum Publications Department
The Dorothy Braude Edinburg Fund and John R. Jakobson Foundation Fund
Gift of Anne Kennedy in memory of Victoria C. Vallarino
The Museum of Modern Art, New York
Riva Castleman Endowment Fund and funds given by John Loring in memory of China Loring
Anonymous gift in memory of Berenice Abbott
Gift of Morisawa & Co. Ltd.
Given in memory of Beth Lisa Feldman
Gift of Original Editions
Acquired through the generosity of David H. McAlpin
Gift of the Louis and Bessie Adler Foundation, Seymour M. Klein, President
Gift of John Loring in memory of John Robert Innes, IV
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alexandre P. Rosenberg
Benjamin Zeller Memorial Fund
Gift of Dorothy and Lou Faibish
Modern print by Chicago Albumen Works from the original negative in The Abbott-Levy Collection, The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Elinor and Edmund Grasheim
Gift of Emilia Kanevsky and the artist
Monroe Wheeler Fund
Gift of Grace M. Mayer
Gift of the Joseph H. Hazen Foundation in honor of William S. Lieberman
Purchase and gift of Mrs. Manzu
Gift of Allan Frumkin
Gift of Barbara and Eugene M. Schwartz
Gift in memory of Audrey Stern Hess
Gift of Agnes Gund, The Edward John Noble Foundation, the Committee on Drawings. By exchange: The Estate of Nina and Gordon Bunshaft, Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Elliot Cohn, Maxine Hermanos, and Mrs. Bliss Parkinson
Acquired through the generosity of The Contemporary Arts Council in honor of Richard E. Oldenburg
Gift of John Torson
Mary Ellen Meehan Fund and The Monroe Wheeler Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Howard Weingrow
Gift of Mrs. W. Murray Crane (by exchange)
Gift of the San Juan Racing Track Association
Gift of Petersburg Press
Gift of The Bohen Foundation
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Barnett Malbin
Gift of James Graham and Sons
Acquired through the generosity of John C. Waddell
Gift of Miss Ettie Stettheimer
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Schimmel in honor of Riva Castleman
Acquired with matching funds from Dr. Norman Avnet and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Raymond J. Braun
Gift of John Benjamins Antiquariat
Gift of Mr. & Mrs. E. Powis Jones
Gift of Martina and Michael Yamin
By exchange
Gift of the Zolla-Lieberman Gallery
Gift of the Scaler Foundation
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Rodgers
Purchased with funds given by Mrs. Henry I. Cobb and Mrs. Melville Wakeman Hall
Mr. and Mrs. Clark B. Winter Jr.
Gift of David Mann
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Philip A. Bruno
Gift of Robert and Sylvie Liska in honor of Ronald and Jo Carole Lauder
Best Products Company Inc. Architecture Fund
Celeste Bartos Purchase Fund
Gift of Jeffrey Hoffeld
Acquired through the Museum's membership in the Print and Drawing Club of the Art Institute of Chicago
Gift of Henry Reed
Roxanne H. Frank Fund
Gift of Larry Aldrich
Gift of Pace Prints and the artist
Gift of G. M. Thurnauer Co., Inc.
Gift of the Saidenberg Gallery
Gift of Owens-Illinois Glass Co.
Gift of Harry H. Lunn, Jr.
President's Fund Purchase, 1987, Donald B. Marron, President
Gift of Mr. Clark B. Winter Jr.
John B. Turner Fund
Gift of Maria and Lee Friedlander in memory of Lars Alexander Berg
Friends of the Department Fund
Gift of Harry N. Abrams and Robert Rauschenberg
Gift of Mrs. Maurice Blin
Gift of the Chambi Family and Edward Ranney
Gift of The Lauder Foundation
Gift of Mr. Heinz Schultz
Gift of Marion Anderson Spear
Gift of Joseph H. Heil
Partial gift of James Thrall Soby, by exchange
Gift of James Thrall Soby
Gift of Samuel Maseroni and Al Tino in honor of Ernest F. Stein
David Whitney Collection, Gift of David Whitney
Joseph Strick Fund
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill Design Fund
Gift of Mack and Paula Lee
Gift of J. Kasmin
Gift of Gordon Randall Perry
Gift of The National Commercial Bank, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
Gift of Alfredo Boulton
Gift of Peter Blum
Gift of the Philadelphia Commercial Museum
Gift of Scarabaeus Ltd.
Purchase. Lily Auchincloss Fund
Gift of Mrs. Heinz Schulz
Bequest of Mr. Antonio Saura
Gift of Joshua Mack in memory of Judy Goldberg
Courtesy of Ken Kendrick
Gift of Jean Delmas
Gift of the artists
Courtesy of André Jammes
Gift of George and Janet Jaffin Foundation
William K. Simpson Fund and Purchase
Gift of Danish Information Office
Acquired with matching funds from Mrs. June Noble Larkin and the National Endowment for the Arts
Acquired through the generosity of Ronald A. Kurtz and Anonymous Funds
A. Conger Goodyear Fund (by exchange)
Gift of the Stedlijk Museum, Amsterdam
Curt Valentin Fund
Purchase Fund
The Law Foundation Fund
Gift of Transcriptors, New York
Gift of Mourlot Frères
Print courtesy of Dr. Edgerton
Gift of Russell Lynes and Shirley C. Burden, by exchange
Gift of Mr. Joseph H. Heil
Gift of C. M. Price
Mr. and Mrs. Constantine Sidamon-Eristoff Fund
Gift of List Art Posters
Joseph G. Mayer Foundation Fund in memory of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of the Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art, New York
Gift of Lily Auchincloss, Charles B. Benenson, Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder, and purchase
Gift of Center for Editions, State University of New York, Purchase
Given anonymously in memory of Sidney Feldman
Gift of the Pasadena Art Museum
The Denise and Andrew Saul Fund and purchase
Gift of Leonard A. Lauder
Gift of Parasol Press, in honor of Vera and Albert List
Purchase (transferred from Museum Library)
Gift of Charles Sheeler
Gift of Mrs. John Carter
Gift of Atelier International
Gift of John Goodyear
Gift of Rathcon Inc., USA
The Philip L. Goodwin Collection
Gift of the Polaroid Corporation
Gift of Ken Friedman
Bequest of Mrs. Harriet H. Jonas
Gift of Jacques Damase
Gift of Edgar J. Kaufmann, Jr.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Jan Mitchell
Gift of Carrera International Corporation
Purchased in part with funds from Mrs. Melville Wakeman Hall, Jeanne C. Thayer, Brook Berlind, Nelson Blitz, Jr., William K. Simpson, and The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation
Melva Bucksbaum Purchase Fund
Lester Avnet Fund
Gift of Walter Bareiss and Joanne M. Stern
Gift of Mary Pratt and Brent Sikkema
Gift in honor of Dorothy Dudley Ginnelly by her friends
Gift of Anders Osterlin
Gift of Murray Moss
Gift of the artist's estate
Gift of Sam Wagstaff
Gift of the Kestner-Gesellschaft, Hanover
Gift of Mrs. Morris Blackburn
Gift of the author, Walasse Ting, the editor, Sam Francis, and the publisher, E. W. Kornfeld
Gift of the Olivetti Company
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Donald H. Peters
Gift of the Celeste and Armand Bartos Foundation
Gift of Barbara G. Pine in memory of Morris Goldman
Joel and Anne Ehrenkranz Fund
Mrs. Charles Liebman Fund
Gift of Ezra Mack
Gift of Margaret Weston
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. W. Murray Crane (by exchange)
Gift of John B. Rodgers
Gift of the artist and Japan Graphic Idea Exhibition
Gift of the Estate of Fairfield Porter
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Victor Ganz
Bequest of Mildred B. Bliss
Gift of Robert Hershkowitz
Gift of Carol and Morton H. Rapp in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of the Betty Parsons Gallery, New York
Gift of Mrs. Claire Drexler
Gift of Ruth Waldhauer
Gift of Faber Donoughe
Gift of Jorge Romero Brest
Gift of the photographer in memory of Myron Orlofsky
The Sidney and Harriet Janis Collection
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Ralph F. Colin
Acquired through the courtesy of Life Magazine
Given anonymously in honor of Andrea's birthday
Gift of Frederieke Taylor and purchase
Gift of Agnes Gund, R.L.B. Tobin and Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Mrs. Phyllis B. Lambert
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. James R. Hedges IV
Gift of the Elaine Dannheisser Foundation
Gift of the National Savings Committee, London
Gift of Musa Guston
Gift of Cirrus Gallery
Gift of the Boston Post
Gift of Philip C. Boyer
Gift of Susan and Peter MacGill
Gift of Luhring Augustine Gallery
Gift of Dr. Harold E. Edgerton
Gift of Venturi, Rauch and Scott Brown, Inc.
Acquired by Exchange
David Whitney Collection, Gift of the manufacturer
Gift of Piet van Waveren
Acquired through the generosity of The Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art, with contributions from Robert Beyer, Ellen R. Herman, Scott J. Lorinsky, Steven T. Mnuchin and Muffy Perlbinder
Gift of Brandeis University National Women's Committee, Greater New York, New Jersey Region, in memory of Lester F. Avnet
Gift of the artist in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Pulitzer, Jr.
Gift of Miss Frances Stillman
Gift of Hans Mautner and Agnes Gund
Gift of Linda and Howard Karshan
Lee Simonson Bequest
Gift of Edgar B. Howard (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Gift of Alexis Gregory and purchase
Acquired with matching funds from Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller and the National Endowment for the Arts, 1978
Gift of Robert M. Doty
Fractional and promised gift of the artist
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Pierre Matisse in honor and memory of Victor Leventritt
Gift of Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Kastor
Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller Purchase Fund
Gift of Elisabeth van der Does
Gift of Raymond J. Learsy
Gift of The Business Committee for the Arts
Gift of The Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art in honor of Jo Carole Lauder
Latin-American Fund
Gift of Daniel K. Mayers
Gift of Erich Cohn
Gift of Echo Engelmann
Gift of Luiz Buarque de Hollanda
Gift of Alexander Liberman in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Christopher Gray
Acquired through the generosity of the International Program of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Manfred Ludewig
Roudin Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Ira Haupt
Gift of the Cordier and Ekstrom Gallery, New York
Philip Johnson Fund
Gift of Stephen R. Currier
Gift of Professor Hugo Munsterberg
Gift of Walter Bareiss and R.L.B. Tobin
Acquired through the generosity of Alan Siegel
Gift of Château de la Sarraz
Gift of the photographer in honor of Edward Steichen
The Joan and Lester Avnet Fund
Gift of Daniel Morris and Denis Gallion, Historical Design Collection Inc.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Michael Rea
Bequest of Madeleine Griner
Gift of the Polish Information Service
Gift of the Italian Tourist Bureau
Gift of Mrs. Harry Townsend
Kay Sage Tanguy Bequest (by exchange)
Acquired through the generosity of Christie Calder Salomon
Mrs. Bertram Smith Fund (by exchange)
Gift of Leonor J. Miller
Exhibition Fund
Gift of Anne Ehrenkranz in honor of Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr.
The Lily Auchincloss Foundation Fund
Gift of Vladimir Horowitz
Gift of René Batigne
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Kahn
Gift of Peter Selz
Gift of George E. Weigl Co.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. John G. Powers
Gift of PaineWebber Inc.
Gift of Stendig Inc., N.Y.C.
Transferred from The Museum of Modern Art Publications Department
Gift of Mrs. Stanley B. Resor
Purchased with funds provided by Ninah and Michael Lynne
Gift of Lang Charities, Inc.
Gift of the International Museum of Photography at George Eastman House, Rochester, New York
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Brody
Frances Keech Fund
Gift of Pierre Apraxine
Gift of CameraWorks, Inc.
Gift of Philip Johnson Fund
Gift of Mrs. Heinz Schultz
Gift of the photographer, c. 1964
Acquired through the generosity of the Gilman Foundation
Gift of Lawrence Luhring
Gift of Barbara Bladen Porter
The Ingram Merrill Foundation Fund
Gift of Irving Drutman
Gift of Harvey and Françoise Rambach
Gottesman Fund
Gift of the Vera Louise Fraser Estate
Gift of James L. Goodwin in memory of Philip L. Goodwin
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Felipe Orlando
Gift of Mrs. Mervyn Palmer
Lois and Bruce Zenkel Fund
Gift of Mrs. L. A. Arkus
Gift of Jed Robert Fielding in honor of Aaron Siskind
Gift of Experiments in Art and Technology
Gift of Fritz and Renate Gruber
Gift of the artist and Collector's Press
Gift of the Art Center, Indiana University
Modern print by Richard Benson from the original negative in The Abbott-Levy Collection, The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Thonet Brothers, Inc.
Gift of Althea Viafora Gallery
Gift of Thomas C. Melzer
Lily Auchincloss Fund in honor of Joanne Stern
Gift of M. Knoedler & Co., Inc.
Gift of Mrs. Theresa Parker
Gift of the artist and Aldo Crommelynck
Gift of Miss Dorothy M. Hoskins
Nelson Rockefeller Fund
Gift of the Rodchenko and Stepanova family
Gift of Dorothy Norman
Acquired with matching funds from Shorewood Publications and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Sandra Weiner
Gift of The Lily Auchincloss Foundation, Inc.
Purchased with funds provided by Marie-Josée and Henry R. Kravis and Agnes Gund
Gift of Olivetti Underwood, Corp., New York, NY
Gift of Lady Sarah Russell
Contemporary Arts Council Fund
Gift of the artist and Brooke Alexander
Friends of Roberto Burle Marx Fund and Department Purchase
Purchased with funds given by Mr. Gilberto Chateaubriand and Mr. M.F. do Nascimento Brito
Gift of Frances F. L. Beatty
Mrs. E. B. Parkinson Fund
Gift of Dr. Joseph I. Singer
Gift of the School of Visual Arts, N.Y
Trustees of the Pastorale Fund
Acquired through the generosity of Edward and Evanne Gargiulo
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Meyer Schapiro, in memory of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Pierre Matisse in honor of Patricia Kane Matisse
Gift of Philip Sills (by exchange) and Purchase (by exchange)
Gift of the artist and Petersburg Press, London
Gift of Jack Cottin in memory of his father, Max Cottin
Bequest of Mina Turner
Gift of International Graphic Arts Society, Inc. (by exchange)
Photography Purchase Fund
Gift of Paul F. Walter in honor of Matthew Bergey
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. William A.M. Burden
Gift of The International Council of The Museum of Modern Art in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of the Swiss Commercial Extension Office, Lausanne
Gift of Constance B. Cartwright
Gift of Joshua Mack
Purchased with funds given by Edward R. Broida
Gift of The Asger Jorn Foundation
Sam. A. Lewisohn Memorial Fund
Transferred from the Museum Library
David H. McAlpin Fund
Gift of the artist in honor of Tatyana Grosman
Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller 3rd
Gift of Polish Information Office
Gift of Peter Norton, Norton Family Foundation
Gift of Steven Johnson and Walter Sudol
Gift of Mrs. B. Landauer
Gift of Alicia Legg
Barcelona Pavilion Replacement Fund
Gift of Bell Laboratories
The Philip L. Goodwin Collection (gift of James L. Goodwin, Henry Sage Goodwin, and Richmond L. Brown)
The Edgar and Teresa Hyman Foundation Fund
Gift of Albert M. Bender
Gift of Otto Treumann
Gift of Jack Yogman
Gift of Herman Miller AG, Basel, Switzerland
Gift of Andrea and William Turnage
Sally Ann Epstein Fund
Gift of Samuel and June Rosenfeld (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Gift of Blue Moon Press
Gift of the New York State Foundation for the Arts
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Victor Thaw (by exchange)
Anonymous purchase in memory of Flobelle Fairbanks Burden
Gift of James Laughlin, 4th
Gift of the artist's mother, Yolanda Uccellini
Gift of Special Projects Group
Gift of Edward R. Broida
Purchased with funds given by Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder and Leon D. Black
Gift of Hiroshi Kawanishi
Gift of Mira Jacob
Mr. and Mrs. Milton J. Petrie Fund
Gift of the Kunstmuseum, St. Gallen, Switzerland
Kenneth Walker Fund
Gift of The Society of American Graphic Artists
Acquired through the generosity of Ronald and Judy Baron in honor of Susan Stevenson
Gift of Miss Lotte Jacobi
Larry Aldrich Fund
Gift of Shirley C. Burden and David H. McAlpin, by exchange
Gift of Alexander and Elna C. Boecker
Gift of John Wagner
Gift of Mrs. George Hamlin Shaw
Gift of Nelson Blitz, Jr. (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Gift of James William Reid
Abby Aldrich Rockefeller fund
Gift of Anatole Pohorilenko in memory of Monroe Wheeler
Gift of Mrs. Constantine Sidamon-Eristoff
Gift of the Kunstgewerbe Museum, Zürich
Gift of Mrs. Richard Pousette-Dart
Gift of Herbert Kerkow, Inc.
Katharine S. Dreier Bequest
Gift of Brooke and Carolyn Alexander
Gift of Alex Lachmann and friends of the Rodchenko family
Gift of the Contemporary Arts Council of the Museum of Modern Art
Gift of the Estate of Peter Hujar and James Danziger Gallery, New York
David H. McAlpin Fund and Purchase
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. John D. Rockefeller, 3rd
Gift of Christopher Sweet
Rob Beyer Purchase Fund
Gift of Monika Dillon
Gift of Lincoln Kirstein
Joseph G. Mayer Fund
Gift of Saidie A. May
Gift of the George and Janet Jaffin Foundation
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Lester Francis Avnet
Purchased with funds given by the Robert Lehman Foundation, Inc.
Gift of Karen McCready
Gift of Marshall Cogan and purchase
The Fellows of Photography Fund
Gift of Werner and Elaine Dannheisser
Gift of Abris Silberman
Gift of the New York State Council on the Arts, the Creative Artists Public Service Program, and an anonymous donor
Gift of Charles Alan
Gift of Miss Elena Longo
The Edward John Noble Foundation
Purchased with funds given by John Loring in memory of China Loring
Acquired by barter from the Library of Congress
Gift of Pace/MacGill Gallery, New York
Purchased with funds given by Leon D. Black and Purchase Fund
Gift of The Georgia O'Keeffe Foundation
Gift of the Museum of Applied Arts, England
Larry Aldrich Fund (by exchange)
Gift of Connie and Jack Glenn and Pinky and Arthur Kase
Gift of Morton G. Neumann
Gift of Herman Miller Furniture Co.
The Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Fund (by exchange)
Derald and Janet Ruttenberg Foundation Fund
Gift of the Fischbach Gallery
David Whitney Collection and gift of the manufacturer
Gift of the family of Victor W. Ganz in his memory
Gift of Caldecot Chubb
Nelson Blitz, Jr. Fund
National Endowment for the Arts Purchase Fund and Cook and Shanosky Associates, Inc.
Gift of "Sources"
Gift of ICF, Inc.
Partial gift of Mrs. Max Eastman, by exchange
Gift of Johan Deumens Artist's Books
Vera Louise Fraser Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. A.M. Adler
Transferred from the Film Library
John S. Newberry Fund
Gift of Hubert de Givenchy
Gift of Waldo Rasmussen
Gift of Cornell Capa
Gift of Galerie Hauser & Wirth & Presenhuber
Gift of Charles and Eugenia Shannon
Gift of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents, England
Commissioned by the Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Mrs. Hermine M. Turner
Gift of Mrs. Susan G. Rossbach
Gift of the American Art Foundation
Gift in honor of Myron Orlofsky
Gift of Lynn Epsteen
Gift of Barbara Lee
Gift of Donald H. Karshan
1
Special Purchase Fund
Exchange
Gift of Harry C. Oppenheimer
Gift of the Friends of Contemporary Drawing
Gift of Dan Redmon
Gift of the artist in memory of Myron Orlofsky
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bareiss and an anonymous donor (by exchange)
Gift of Push Pin Studios
Miles O. Epstein Fund and Richard A. Epstein Fund
Gift of Mrs. Alan Dunn
Gift of the designer and Thackrey & Robertson, San Francisco
Gift of Edward R. Broida and Richard E. Salomon
Pierre Matisse Foundation (by exchange)
Gift of Loula D. Lasker
Gift of Josef Müller-Brockmann
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Arnold M. Gilbert
Gift of Tomas del Amo
Gift of the Benefit for Attica Defense Fund
Gift of Mrs. Alfred Wolkenberg
Purchased with funds given by Harvey S. Shipley Miller
Gift of Ludwig Glaeser
Gift of Mrs. Bella C. Landauer
Robert K. and Barbara J. Straus Family Foundation, Inc.
Mrs. Armand P. Bartos Fund
John D. Rockefeller 3rd Purchase Fund
Gift of Gabriella de Ferrari in honor of Karen Davidson
Gift of G. Quince
Given in memory of Louise A. Boyer by Lily Auchincloss and Frances Keech
Gift of Walter and Molly Bareiss, Mary Ellen Meehan, and William K. Simpson in memory of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller
Gift of Anne Ehrenkranz in memory of Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr.
Gift of Udo M. Reinach Estate
Gift of Eric Brill
Gift of Arthur Rothstein, 1981
Gift of the Joseph H. Hazen Foundation in honor of Alfred H. Barr, Jr.
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Arthur Benjamin
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Saidenberg
Christie Calder Salomon Fund
Purchased with funds given by Marie-Josée and Henry R. Kravis
Gift of Metro Pictures
Bequest of Mrs. Helen Serger in honor of William S. Lieberman
Gift of Lily Auchincloss and purchase
Gift of David Teiger and the Friends of Contemporary Drawing
Gift of Eugene and Barbara Schwartz
Gift of Geoffrey Gates
Gift of James W. Barney
Gift of the Special Projects Group
Gift of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller (by exchange) and purchase
Bequests of Helen Acheson, and Eve Clendenin, gift of A.E. Gallatin (by exchange) and gift of Constance B. Cartwright
Gift of Arthur A. Goldberg
Gift of Barbara and Max Pine, in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
Bertram F. and Susie Brummer Foundation Fund
Eliza Parkinson Cobb Fund
The Walter P. Chrysler, Jr. Surrealist Collection
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Rotscha
Advisory Committee Fund
Gift of Die Neue Sammlung, München
Gift of Mrs. J. Sterling Deans
Gift of Ward and Saks Co.
Mies van der Rohe Archive, gift of George Danforth
Gift of Violet Romer
Gift of Arthur Brown, Inc.
Gift of Olivetti Underwood
Gift of the photographer in memory of Josefa Kaminski
Gift of Myrtil Frank
Gift of Arne and Milly Glimcher
Gift of the photographer in honor of Nesuhi Ertegun
Purchase, and gift of Barbara Schwartz in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
Stephen C. Clark Fund
Gift of Rikki Conway in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz
Gift of the artist and his wife
Gift of the Kunstgewerbeschule, Zürich
Gift of the D. S. and R. H. Gottesman Foundation
Gift of Raab Galerie
Gift of Parkett
Joel and Anne Ehrenkranz Fund, Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr. Fund and Horace W. Goldsmith Fund through Robert B. Menschel
Gift of Sarah-Ann and Werner H. Kramarsky and an anonymous donor
Gift of Howard Stein
The J.M. Kaplan Fund
Gift of Miss Eleanor Conway Sawyer
Gift of Lily A. Auchincloss
Fractional and promised gift of Robert F. and Anna Marie Shapiro
Gift of Gabrielle and Michael Boyd
Joseph H. Heil Bequest and exchange
Gift of Mario Cravo Neto
Purchased as the partial gift of Celeste Bartos
Gift of Cosmopolitan Arts Foundation
[Misc.] Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation
Gift of Mrs. Sally Kamin
Gift of Perls Galleries
Gift of the manufacturer and Aram Designs Ltd.
Matthew T. Mellon Foundation Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Vanderwoude
Frances Keech Fund in honor of Monroe Wheeler
Acquired through the generosity of Catherine Woodard and Nelson Blitz, Jr. in honor of Perri and Allie Blitz
Gift of William A. Grigsby
Purchase Fund, Jan Tschichold Collection
Gift of Mrs. Patricia B. Kerns
The Ingram Merrill Foundation
Ralph Fehlbaum Purchase Fund
Marcel Breuer Fund
Gift of Elizabeth Sarnoff
Gift of Miss Jane Wade in memory of Otto M. Gerson
Gift of Edward M.M. Warburg
Gift of R.H. Macy & Co.  
Gift of Gilberto Chateaubriand in memory of Monroe Wheeler, Francisco Masjuan and John Brady
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Irwin Hersey
Purchase through the Vincent D'Aquila and Harry Soviak Bequest Fund, The Judith Rothschild Foundation, and Purchase Fund
Anonymous Purchase Fund
Gift of Museu de Arte Moderna de São Paulo
Nelson A. Rockefeller Fund, 1952
Gift of George R. Carley
Gift of Bernard Gheerbrant
Gift of Susan Hornik
Gift of Gerd Sander
Acquired in honor of John Szarkowski through the generosity of the curatorial interns who worked for him
Vincent D'Aquila and Harry Soviak Bequest
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. E. Powis Jones
Gift of Peter Norton
Gift of RCA Records, Inc.
Purchased in memory of Michael Harwig with funds contributed by his friends
Gift of Merle Armitage
Gift of the Felix and Helen Juda Foundation
Gift of Daniel-Henry Kahnweiler
Gift of Peter Steil
Gift of Lily Auchincloss, Celeste Bartos, and Marshall Cogan
Gift of Philip Sills
Gift of Alice and Leslie J. Schreyer
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Peter A. Rübel (by exchange)
Gift of Virginia M. Zabriskie
Acquisition from Werner and Elaine Dannheisser
Gift of Mme. Denise René
Gift of Pauline Marks
Gift of the Sari Dienes Foundation, Inc.
Gift of Judith Young-Mallin in memory of Carol Janeway
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Irving Schugam
Gift of Alice Paalen (Alice Radon)
Gift of Tetsuo Kojima
Gift of Mrs. Henry Ives Cobb
Purchased with proceeds from the 2000  "Clue II" event sponsored by The Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art
Acquired through the generosity of Carol Littlefield
Acquired with matching funds from Neil Janovic and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Ben Nicholson
Gift of Georgie Duffee and David Mann
Purchased in part with funds from Mrs. Donald B. Straus
Gift of Lumex, Inc.
Gift of Lucien Goldschmidt
Jacqueline Brody Fund and The Friends of Education Fund
Bequest of Eve Clendenin
Gift of Jimmy Ernst
Gift of Miss Jeanie E. Hughes
Gift of Walter Bareiss and purchase
Given anonymously in memory of Mrs. Henry Epstein
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Wolfgang Schoenborn in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Richards H. Emerson
Gift of the Reverend and Mrs. Alan Avery in memory of Phoebe Jane and Gordon Avery
Gift of David Wojnarowicz
Gift of Colleen Fitzgibbon and Tom Otterness in memory of Robert Burden
Gift of Marvin Hoshino in memory of William M. Billy
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. David Gensburg
Gift of Swedlow Lehman, Inc.
Gift of Barbara Pine
Gift of House of Italian Handicrafts
Gift of Thomas Walther
Purchased with funds given by Mrs. Akio Morita
Arthur Drexler Fund
Gift of Clark B. Winter, Jr.
Gift of José E. Mindlin
Gift of Mrs. Douglas Auchincloss
Gift of Jeffrey Fraenkel and Frish Brandt
Jeffrey P. Klein Purchase Fund
Agnes Gund Purchase Fund and David Childs Purchase Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Lester Avnet
The Elinor Grasheim Memorial Fund
Gift of Miss Rose Fried
Gift of Olivetti Underwood Corp., N. Y. C.
Gift of James and Katherine Goodman, New York
Gift of Paulo Herkenhoff in memory of Alfredo Fontes
Gift of John Pratt
Gift of Dean Valentine and Amy Adelson
Gift of Galerie Fiolet BV, Amsterdam
Gift of John A. Torson
Gift of The New York World Telegram
Gift of Ms. Sophie Black
Gift of Graphic Directions, Inc.
Gift of Lincoln Kirstein in memory of René d'Harnoncourt
Bequest of Ruth Vollmer
Gift of the photographer in memory of Harry Lapow
Gift of Charles and Sylvia Eisen
Gift of the Galerie St. Etienne
Acquired with matching funds from the Frank Strick Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the Formica Corporation
Gift of Golden West Merchandisers, USA
Gift of Jane Halsman Bello
Gift of Joel and Anne Ehrenkranz Fund and Purchase
Gift of Curt Valentin Estate (by exchange)
Gift of Mrs. Wolfgang Schoenborn in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of The International Council, Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Alfred H. Barr, Jr.
Gift of the Pierre Matisse Foundation (by exchange)
Acquired through the generosity of Sid R. Bass
Gift of Susan and Arthur Fleischer, Jr.
Gift of the designer and manufacturer
Given anonymously in honor of Jennifer Licht
Gift of the Louisiana Museum
Purchased with funds provided by Sarah-Ann and Werner H. Kramarsky
Gift of Gertrud A. Mellon in memory of her son, Karl N. Mellon
Gift of Mildred Constantine
Gift of Carol O. Selle and Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of R. B. Kitaj
Gift of Marcel LeComte
Gift of the photographer in honor of Beaumont Newhall
Purchased with funds provided by Sheldon H. Solow
Gift of Gertrud A. Mellon in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Yvonne Halsman
Gift of John Hilson, 1981
Gift of Miss Eve Clendenin
Lee and Ann Fensterstock Fund, the Contemporary Arts Council, the Junior Associates, and the Howard B. Johnson Fund
Ira Howard Levy Fund and Kenneth Walker Fund
Gift of Robert Rauschenberg
Gift of Abraham Walkowitz
Gift of Mrs. Julia Feininger
Gift of Henrique Mindlin
Gift of Carolyn Brown and Earle Brown
Gift of R. Kirk Askew, Jr.
Gift of Elizabeth McFadden
Gift of Donald Gold
Purchased with funds given in honor of Riva Castleman by The Committee on Painting and Sculpture, The Associates Fund, Molly and Walter Bareiss, Nelson Blitz, Jr. with Catherine Woodard and Perri and Allison Blitz, Agnes Gund, The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation, Howard B. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Schimmel, and the Riva Castleman Endowment Fund
Gift of Christopher Forbes
Gift of the photographer and PaceWildensteinMacGill, New York
Gift of the International Council and Library - Latin American Archive of the Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Roger S. Berlind
Gift of Lars Bjorkholm
Gift of The Junior Associates of The Museum of Modern Art and the manufacturer
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Howard B. Dean
Gift of the photographer in memory of Lisette Model
Fractional and promised gift of Agnes Gund
Gift of William H. Schab
Best Products Company Architecture Fund
Gift of Harriette and Noel Levine in honor of Richard E. Oldenburg
Gift of Gabriella De Ferrari in honor of Agnes Gund and Daniel Shapiro
Gift of PaineWebber Inc. on the occasion of the Museum's reopening
Gift of Waertsila Corp.
Gift of Mrs. Alfred R. Stern in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of the photographer in memory of Nicky Balter
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. John Russell
Gift of Prasada Press, Inc.
Gift on behalf of The Friends of Education of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of The Edgar & Theresa Hyman Foundation Fund
Gift of Baron/Boisanté Editions
Gift of The Lilja Art Fund Foundation
Gift of Mrs. Stuart Davis, in fond memory of Dorothy H. Dudley
Gift of Galerie Friederich & Dahlem, Munich
Bequest of Grace M. Mayer
Gift of Gabrielle and Herbert Kayden
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Arthur Lejwa, in memory of Mrs. Henry Epstein
Gift of Milton Scheingarten
Gift of The Contemporary Arts Council
Gift of Chase Manhattan Bank
Gift of Linda Barth Janovic and Julie Janovic
Gift of Robert Menschel
Gift of Karl Gerstner
Gift of Muse X Editions
Gift of Galerie Suzanne Bollag
Gift of Mrs. Yves Tanguy
Gift of Albert Carman (by exchange)
Gift of Galerie Fiolet Bv, Amsterdam
Gift or William P. Mangold
Gift of Mrs. Bliss Parkinson in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Ericsson
Gift of Mrs. Frances Raftery
Gift of Samuel A. Berger
Gift of the Pierre Matisse Gallery
Gift in honor of Shirley Wolfe
The Benjamin Zeller Memorial Fund
Gift of Bernard Davis
Acquired with matching funds from Mrs. Walter N. Thayer and the National Endowment for the Arts
Japanese House Fund
Gift of Patti Smith
Acquired through the generosity of Andrew Shapiro, in honor of his mother, Anna Marie Shapiro
Gift of the Kunsthalle, Basel
San Juan Racing Association Fund
Gift of Tropon-Werk
Gift of Kunsthaus Zürich
Gift of H. E. Lauffer Co., Inc.
Gift of Jeff Rothstein and Reiko Tomii in memory of Bhupendra Karia
Gift of the American Cancer Society
Gift of Dr. Jack Chachkes
Gift of Laura Hoptman
Purchased with funds provided by Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Gift of Mrs. Miriam Grossman Cohen
Gift of Walter Sudol and Steven Johnson
Don Page Fund and Purchase
Purchased with funds given by The Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art in honor of Riva Castleman
Acquired with matching funds from The Henry Pearlman Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Paul A. Katz and Arthur Penn
A. Conger Goodyear Fund
Gift of Olivetti, S.p.A
Gift of PAD/D Archive
Mrs. Akio Morita Fund
Gift of Arnold Smoller
Richard Avedon Fund
John Parkinson III Fund and Purchase
Gift of the London Transport Co
Gift of Ralph Gibson
Patricia Bonfield Fund
Samuel J. Wagstaff, Jr. Fund
Gift of Abercrombie & Fitch
Gift of Mrs. Julie Augur and R.L.B. Tobin
Howard B. Johnson Fund in memory of Evelyn T. Bates
Gift of Ellen V. Langner and John B. Turner Fund
Gift of Nelson Rockefeller
Gift of Open Ark B.V
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Victor Thaw and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the Advisory Committee
Gift of W. J. Cole
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur G. Altschul
Acquired through the generosity of Agnes Gund and Daniel Shapiro, in honor of Lily Auchincloss
Gift of  Werner and Elaine Dannheisser
Emilio Ambasz Fund
William K. Simpson Fund (in memory of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller)
Gift of the artist and the publisher, Parasol Press, Ltd.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard H. Deutsch
Janet K. Ruttenberg Fund
Alva Gimbel Fund
Gift of Willoughby Camera Stores, Inc.
President's Fund Purchase, 1978, Donald B. Marron, President
Gift of Agnes Gund and Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
Fractional gift of Mr. and Mrs. David Rockefeller (the donors retaining a life interest in the remainder)
Gift of André Masson
Gift of Takenaka Komuten Co., Ltd., Osaka, Japan
Gift of the National Serigraph Society
Gift of Mlle Isabelle Rouault
Gift of the Hampton-Haddon Marketing Corporation
Gift of Marshall Field & Co.
Gift of Alexander Gorlin
Gift of Eli Wallach
Gift of Karl Fortess
Gift James Thrall Soby
Gift of Galerie der Spiegel
Gift of Crown Point Press in celebration of its 25th anniversary
Gift of John C. Waddell
Acquired through the generosity of John Parkinson III
Gift of Susan and Stephen Levine
Gift by exchange: Heinz Berggruen and Klaus Perls in memory of Frank Perls, Glickstein Foundation, and Mrs. Alfred P. Shaw
Gift of Mrs. Donald B. Straus in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of Anne and Jacques Baruch
Gift of Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce
Gift of Lee and Maria Friedlander in memory of Allan Jaffe
Gift of David Laing
Gift of the Associates in memory of Burt I. Sherman
Mies van der Rohe Archive, gift of Ludwig Glaeser
Mrs. Armand P. Bartos Purchase Fund
Joel and Anne Ehrenkranz Fund, John Parkinson III Fund, and The Fellows of Photography Fund
Mies van der Rohe Archive, gift of the architect
Gift of Eunice and Joseph Fearer in memory of Tatyana Grosman on the occasion of the 35th anniversary of ULAE
Gift of Wittenborn & Co.
Gift of Jean Arp
Gift of the architect
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Alexander E. Racolin
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Myron Minskoff
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Louis J. Robbins
Purchased with funds given by The Judith Rothschild Foundation
Gift of Time Inc.
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Felix Juda
Gift of the Robert and Joyce Menschel Foundation
Gift of Max Palevsky
Gift of Hans P. Kraus, Jr.
Gift of Hazel Strand
Gift of Michael Sheehe
Gift of the Philadelphia College of Art
Gift of Station WOR-FM
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Larrabee Barnes, Roblee McCarthy, Jr., Jeffrey P. Klein Purchase Fund, and purchase
Gift of John Lefebre
Gift of The Photo League
Acquired through the generosity of Herbert and Teruko Neuwalder
Purchase (by exchange)
Gift of Pennsylvania Drug Co.
John B. Turner Fund, with additional support from Catherine Woodard and Nelson Blitz, Jr. in memory of Jean Saklad
Gift of the Galerie de France
Gift of Helena Rubinstein
Gift of Frederieke Taylor
Gift of Charvoz-Carsen Corp.
Acquired through the generosity of Dr. Stefan Stein
Gift of Milton C. Bickford, Jr.
Gift of Pierre Soulages
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Otto Kallir
Gift of Mme Roberta González-Richard
Acquired through the generosity of the Edward and Marjorie Goldberger Foundation
Gift of Linda Barth Goldstein and Julie B. Janovic in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of James L. Melcher
Gift of Uni-France Films, Paris
Gift of Stuart Preston
Gift in memory of Margaret Stewart
Acquired with matching funds from Shirley C. Burden and The National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Frank Perls
Gift of Dr. Maurice Abitol
Gift of the New York Public Library, Donnell Library Center
Gift of Miss Virginia Putnam
Gift of Janice Oresman
Gift of William P. Mangold
Gift of S. S. Spivack
Gift of John Stuart, Inc.
Gift of Jeanne C. Thayer
Committee on Drawings Funds
Gift of Alfred Jaretzki, Jr. by exchange
Gift of Miss Mary Ahern
Gift of Dr. Frederick Baekeland
Gift of Lilly E. Hoffman
Gift of the International Council in honor of H.R.H. Prinz Franz von Bayern
Gift of Mrs. John Swayze
Given in memory of Robert P. Gersin
Gift of Gilbert W. Chapman
Gift of Carlo M. Grossman and Josie G. Lindau in memory of their parents Isobel and Isidore Grossman
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Barnabas McHenry
Gift of Anne W. Tucker
Jeanne C. Thayer Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. G. Alan Chidsey
Purchase fund, Jan Tschichold Collection
Gift of Mrs. Flora S. Straus
Gift of Silvia Pizitz
Gift of Dr. Mittelsten Schied
Gift of the photographer, by exchange
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Richard Deutsch and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the Moderna Museet, Stockholm
Gift of George F. Bauerdorf
Gift of Gemini G.E.L.
Gift of Lincoln Kirstein in honor of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. John Lefebre
Gift of the photographer in honor of David Stettner
Gift of Elizabeth Russell and Jeff
Gift of Cleto Munari
Purchase and gift of Barbara Schwartz in memory of Eugene M. Schwartz, by exchange
Gift of Scarabaeus Ltd. and Moroddi, Inc.
Gift of Editions Gérald Cramer
Gift of Allen Porter
Gift of Pushpin Lubalin & Peckolick Inc.
Gift of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder and by Exchange
Edgar Kaufmann, Jr. Fund
Gift of the Friends of Contemporary Drawing and of The Friends of Education of The Museum of Modern Art
Nelson A. Rockefeller Bequest
Gift of James Mollison
Gift of Robert Storr in honor of Deborah Wye
Gift of the World House Galleries
Gift of Wolfgang Gurlitt
Acquired with matching funds from Mr. and Mrs. Edmund Grasheim and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of the Publications Department
Gift of Studebaker-Worthington, Inc.
Gift of Walter C. Maslowski
Gift of Barbara G. Pine and R.L.B. Tobin
David Rockefeller Jr. Fund, gift of Alvar Aalto Architects Ltd. and Department Purchase Fund
Gift of Susan de Menil, Edgar Smith, Beth Cathers, and Nick Dembrosky
Greta Daniel Fund
Joan and Lester Avnet Fund
Gift of Jacques Henri Lartigue
Gift of Ira Levy, Mrs. Donald B. Marron, and purchase
Purchased with funds given by Agnes Gund, Mr. and Mrs. James R. Hedges, IV, Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder and the General Drawings Fund
Gift of Eimer & Amend
Gift of Lewis & Conger Inc.
Gift of the artist
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Nikita Lobanov
Gift of Beylerian Ltd.
Gift of Carl van Vechten
Gift of the Yoseido Gallery, Tokyo
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Howard Sumers Conant
Gift of Fujikawa, Conterato, Lohan and Associates
Robert and Anna Marie Shapiro Fund
Gift of Dorothy Blau
Gift of Harry C. Oppenheimer (by exchange)
Bliss Fund
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Wolfgang Schoenborn, in memory of René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Dain Gallery
Gift of Lewis Baltz
Gift of Barbara Norfleet
Purchased with funds given by Mrs. Henry I. Cobb
Gift of the artist and International Images Incorporated
Riva Castleman Endowment Fund
Gift of Mario Botta
Gift of Leona S. Rosenstock
NEA Architecture and Design Fund and Purchase
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Robert Levitt
Gift of Andrew Lyndon
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Justin K. Thannhauser
Gift of John Goodwin
Acquired with matching funds from Philip Isles and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Mrs. Donald B. Straus in honor of Barbara Harrison Wescott
Gift of the International Committee for the Advancement of Culture and Art, Inc.
Gift of Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
Gift of Jan Krugier
Purchase and anonymous promised gift
Gift of the Israel Museum, Jerusalem
Gift of Platinum Pen Co. of America, Inc.
Gift of Henry G. Proskauer
Robert B. Menschel Fund
Acquired through the courtesy of an anonymous donor
Kenneth Walker Fund and gift of Alvar Aalto & Co. Architectural office
Gift of Sally Ganz
Acquired with matching funds from Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Gertrud Mellon
Mr. and Mrs. Clark Winter Fund
Gift of the Netherlands Information Bureau
Acquired in memory of Monroe Wheeler
Gift of Debevoise & Plimpton, New York
Christopher Tietze Fund
Gift of I. L. Euro, Inc.
Gift of Timothy Baum in memory of Kurt and Arlette Seligmann
Purchased with funds given by Mr. and Mrs. Roger Berlind, Constance B. Cartwright, Mr. and Mrs. Gifford Phillips, and Richard E. Salomon; and gift of an anonymous donor (by exchange), Lincoln Kirstein (by exchange), and H. S. Ede in honor of Paul J. Sachs (by exchange)
Gift of Kodak A.G., Germany
Gift of Susan G. Jacoby in memory of Edward Goldberger
Gift of the Polish Information Office
Purchased with funds given by Richard E. Salomon and purchase through the Vincent D'Aquila and Harry Soviak Bequest Fund
Gift of Donald Karshan, in honor of The Museum's 50th Anniversary
Gift of Patricia and Morris Orden, New York
Gift of Contemporary Arts Council of The Museum of Modern Art
Gift of Patricia and Henry Tang in memory of Xavier Fourcade
Acquired by barter from The Library of Congress
Gift of Yamaha Electronics Corporation, USA
Gift of Posters Original, Limited
Gift of the International Biennial of Prints, Tokyo
Gift of the New York Racing Association
Gift of Phil Shorr
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. John Russell in honor of William S. Lieberman
Marcel Breuer Design Fund
Gift of Dr. Jack Budowsky, New York
Leo Castelli Fund (by exchange)
Gift of Mrs. Lawrence Mead
Gift of Bert Brander
Gift of Jaguar Cars
Gift of Jock Truman
Acquired with matching funds from the Frank Strick Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts, 1978
Gift of Theodore Schempp
Given in memory of G. David Thompson by his New York friends
Gift of Mina Turner
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Arthur Lejwa
Gift of Gary Essert
Gift of The Metropolitan Museum of Art in honor of Leonard A. Lauder
Gift of Issac Lagnado
Gift of the CIO Political Action Committee
Mrs. Bertram Smith Fund
Gift of Joseph Binder
Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller Fund
Gift of Charles F. Bopes
Provenance Unknown
Gift of Fred Leighton Inc.
The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation Fund and Purchase
Gift of the Guilde Internationale de la Gravure
Gift of the Education Department
Gift of Carol O. Selle
Gift of the artist in honor of Lester Francis Avnet
Gift of Seattle University
Gift of Lee Friedlander in memory of Garry Winogrand
Gift of Fraser's, Inc.
Gift of Galerie Buchholz, Munich
Gift of the AKG Acoustics, USA
Gift of Douglas M. Duncan
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Clarence H. White, Jr., 1972
Phyllis B. Lambert Fund and Gift of Four Seasons
Gift of Mrs. René d'Harnoncourt
Gift of Jacques Putman
Gift of Richard Brown Baker, Arnold Smoller and Purchase
Fractional and promised gift of David Teiger
Gift of the Business Committee for the Arts
Gift of Lily Auchincloss and Mrs. Wolfgang Schoenborn
Gift of Emmett S. and Jamie L. Watson
Gilbert Kaplan Fund and Miranda Kaiser Fund
Acquired with matching funds with Jeanne C. Thayer and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Kleiner, Bell, & Co.
Gift of Mme. Paul Klee
Gift of University of Pennsylvania
Gift of Dr. Steven R. Hofstetter
Gift of Mrs. Sibyl Moholy-Nagy
Gift of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller (by exchange) and acquired through the Lillie P. Bliss Bequest (by exchange)
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Peter J. Scott
Gift of Atelier International, Ltd.
Gift of Woodrow and Maria Campbell
Gift of Virginia Dwan
Gift of Mrs. Kay Hillman
Gift of Daniel Morris and Denis Gallion, Historical Design Collection, Inc.
Gift of Linda and Julie Janovic
Gift of Maria Morris Hambourg
Gift of The Crow's Nest
Gift of the East Hampton Gallery, New York
Purchased with funds given anonymously
Mrs. John D. Rockefeller, 3rd Fund
Gift of George Braziller
Gift of Elizabeth Lorentz
Acquired through the generosity of the John E. Galvin Charitable Trust on behalf of the Crouse Family
Purchase, 1979
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Rosenfeld (through the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books)
Gift of an anonymous donor in honor of the artist
Fractional and promised gift of Tony Ganz in memory of Victor and Sally Ganz
Reiss-Cohen Fund
Matthew T. Mellon Fund
Brook and Roger S. Berlind Fund
Gift of Walter Bareiss
Acquired with matching funds from Edwin A. Bergman and the National Endowment for the Arts
Gift of Tina Barney and Janet Borden Gallery
Acquired through the generosity of Wendy Larsen
Gift of Mrs. Edgar J. Kaufmann
Purchased with funds given by Barbara G. Pine
The Ralph E. Shikes Fund and Purchase
Gift of Mitchell, Hutchins Inc.
Felix and Helen Juda Foundation Fund
Acquired through the generosity of Bernard J. Reis (by exchange)
Gift of Swissair
Purchased with funds given by Leon D. Black
Purchased with funds given by Sarah-Ann and Werner H. Kramarsky, Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder, and Agnes Gund
Gift of Josiah Wedgwood & Sons, Inc. of America
Abbott-Levy Collection. Partial gift of Shirley C. Burden
Gift of Maria and Lee Friedlander in memory of their dear friend Joseph Kramer
Gift of Nancy Holt
Barbara Pine Fund
Gift of Richard A. Cohn
Gift of Brooke Alexander and of the artist
Gift of Crown Point Press in honor of its 25th anniversary
Gift of Michael Whiteway
Gift of Isabel and Donald Stewart
Gift of Edmund B. Thorton
Gift of Joanne M. Stern, the Rosengarten Foundation and Dr. and Mrs. Barnett Malbin
Acquired through the generosity of the Katsko Suzuki Memorial Fund, the Riva Castleman Endowment Fund, David Rockefeller, The Philip and Lynn Straus Foundation Fund, and Agnes Gund and Daniel Shapiro; Linda and Bill Goldstein, Mr. and Mrs. Herbert D. Schimmel, the Edward John Noble Foundation, and the Associates of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books; The Cowles Charitable Trust, Nelson Blitz, Jr. with Catherine Woodard and Perri and Allison Blitz, Mary Ellen Meehan, and Anna Marie and Robert F. Shapiro; and Ruth and Louis Aledort, Carol and Bert Freidus, David S. Orentreich, M.D., and Susan and Peter Ralston
Gift of the Galerie Maeght
Purchase, 1976
Gift of Galerie Jakobsbrunnen
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Howard Sloan
Gift of M. and Mme. Georges Ramié
Gift of the designer through the Netherlands Design Institute
John S. Newberry Fund and John B. Turner Fund
Joseph G. Mayer Foundation. Purchase
Gift of Fifty/50
Gift of the International Committee for the Advancement of Culture and Art
Gift of Union Pacific Railroad Company
Gift of Mariana Cook and Hans P. Kraus, Jr.
Gift of Miss Dorothy M. Hoskins (by exchange)
Gift of The Judith Rothschild Foundation (Donation of Michael Sheehe)
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Irvin Shapiro
Acquired with matching funds from the Robert Lehman Foundation, Inc. and the National Endowment for the Arts
Grace M. Mayer Fund
Gift of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt E. Hirschfeld
Purchased with funds given by Harry Kahn, Susan and Arthur L. Fleischer, Jr., Carol and Bert Freidus, Johanna and Leslie J. Garfield, Linda and Bill Goldstein, Francine E. Lembo, Barbara and Max Pine, and Susan and Peter A. Ralston in honor of Riva Castleman
Gift of George Eastman House
Gift of ETAC USA
Gift of Garrison Products
Gift of Robert Edmond Jones
Gift of Bernard J. Reis
Gift of The Denise and Andrew Saul Fund and The Edward John Noble Foundation
Gift of Mrs. H. Harris Jonas
Gift in memory of Abe Chanin
Mrs. Gilbert W. Chapman Fund
Gift of Joan and Lester Avnet
Gift of Gus and Arlette Kayafas
Gift of Mr. and Mrs. H. Gershinowitz
Gift of Elena Zayas in memory of Ignacio Zayas
Gift of Mrs. Willard Helburn
Gift of Dr. W.J.H.B. Sandberg
Gift of Lily Auchincloss, Barbara Jakobson, and Walter Randel
Gift of Emilio Ambasz
Gift of Thonet Industries, Inc.
Gift of Mr. E. Powis Jones
Gift of the Jerome L. and Jane Stern Foundation
Gift of Leon Harris
Gift of Janice Levitt
Gift of Shirley Burden
Gift of Ansel Adams in memory of Albert M. Bender
Gift of Edward Steichen
Gift of Alice and Leslie Schreyer
Gift of the Office of Emergency Management
Gift of the artist in memory of Marcantonio Vilaça
Acquired through the generosity of Barbara and Eugene Schwartz in honor of Jo Carole and Ronald S. Lauder
